**[2021-06-24]**

**
Petyl awoke with a jump, she must’ve dreamt something that scared her but she couldn’t remember. She looked around confused, she actually couldn’t remember anything. Where was she? She seemed to be in a wooded area, overgrown with moss and vines, heavily leafed branches hung down casting darkness all around. Fear started to creep up on her as her confusion twisted into panic. 

‘Shh child, all is okay, there is no need for fear here.” The voice came from all around Petyl, she froze. The voice was deep and smooth, but not recognizable. 

“Wh-” Petyl cleared her throat, “Who are you?” Silence. She waited. Wondering if she should ask again, her uneasy feeling growing more and more she curled herself into a ball. Silence still. There was something about that voice that didn’t sound quite right, it didn’t feel human, something was wrong here. Petyl wrapped her arms around her knees and buried her head into them. She paused, the familiar feeling of metal on the tips of her fingers. Around her thigh was a leather strap that held a dagger. She pulled out the dagger, a glint of confidence at last. She asked again, this time with a more commanding nature. “Who are you.” It felt like less of a question. 

The voice once again rang out, louder this time, almost deafening. “After all I did to save you.” The voice didn’t sound calm and smooth anymore. Wind started to pick up, the leaves on the ground started swirling around Petyl. The ground started to emanate a strange red glow, the power spike in the air was palpable. The broken and impossibly deep voice now abandoning its charade of a human-like nature spoke once more in a guttural explosion of sound, “Put that away.”

Petyl stood up, “Make me.” 
**