**[2022-04-15]**

**
Tal stood facing out of the window of his ship, the land below him stretching far out until it disappeared into infinity. Nothing was truly infinite but it felt that way to him. How could the world that sat below him be so massive? And indeed it was, mind breakingly so. He had been to other worlds before, he had been under the light of more suns and stars than he could count. And yet here he stood, vertigo taking hold of him as he looked out onto the infinite landscape. It was impossible. This shouldn’t exist. In comparison, a planet of normal size would feel like a pebble upon its surface. Stars would easily fit within its space, even star systems. *How has something of this size evaded us for so long?* 
He closed his eyes for a moment, steadying himself. If something like this did exist, which it does, what does that tell him about everything he knows? The simple existence of this thing here made the universe he’s lived in feel foreign and strange. For the first time in years he felt a fear of the beyond, of the unknown before him. He had suppressed these emotions long ago, the captain of a large star cruiser had to remain firm against these things lest his crew have doubts themselves. And yet how much would it help if he stood brave against this mind shattering mass? What person would possibly look to him and ignore their own feelings of dread at the feet of something so unnatural and godlike? 
It was funny in some cosmic way, Tal himself had done his fair share of playing god. There were moments in-between lording over smaller worlds with his wealth of technology that he found himself believing it, that he was a god. 
Now he stood in front of one. What else could this be? If not God then surely the work of God. Nothing else could make sense. 
The sound of a door opening off behind him caused him to turn, seeing a man wearing a similar uniform as his own approach him. He greeted Jun with a nod, expecting a report.
“Sir, scans reveal life is down there.”
Tal turned back the window. Was he surprised? No. 
The man continued, “It is intelligent. Civilizations exist here.”
Tal didn’t respond right away, he let himself stand in silence for a time, Jun waiting behind him. “Are we the spurned children of God?” Tal asked, eyes still glazing over the infinite surface sprawling out before him. “Why did we never receive such gifts as these?” He turned back to face his friend, seeing the confusion in Jun’s eyes. “Are these people God’s chosen?”
The question hung in the air. Tal turned back to the window. He wasn’t really asking Jun for answers. He didn’t care what he had to say or think really. He knew somewhere deep within himself they stumbled upon something that was supposed to stay hidden. He felt fear. What secrets were hidden on the surface of Eden?
**