**[2022-04-24]**

**
The dry flaky dirt beneath steel boots made a soft crunching sound, armors were clinking, men groaning. The squadron created a rhythm as they walked, relative to the quiet earthen plains they strode over it felt like music. How long had they been in this miserable heat? Even the ground under them split and tore to the terrible blaze, cracks splintered their way all throughout the fields. Deserts felt more lively, they seemed cooler in temperature than whatever this damnable place was. Linim felt the thick steel plates he wore, how they enhanced the heat creating an oven for him to live inside, how they pulled him down into the sorry earth with every step. He prayed that he could just fall through, swallowed by the ground itself. 
But it remained steady. 
He sighed, his arm ached pulling a waterskin from a strap that held along his torso. He knew it felt light, he knew he would be running out soon, but nevertheless he pulled it to his lips and tilted. He didn’t want to face whatever the fates had decided for him, he just wanted a sip of water. 
He did not find water in that pouch, he let it fall along the sling without bothering to cap it again. The fates were cruel to Linim. They had pulled him along this miserable journey with three other equally miserable men to die. He cursed almost tripping over one of the more jagged scars in the earth. If he weren’t so tired anger would have risen within him, but he just was so tired. He trudged onward. Physically he was at the end of his rope, he didn’t dare look up when he walked, he didn’t want to see how much further he needed to go. It was pointless, he knew the landscape stretched into oblivion. 
He found himself still cursing the Gods as he walked, habitually he would assume. If he could curse their names every step, maybe it was worth it to walk a little further. He didn’t want to die without doing his part, had to rebel in the little ways he could.
“As long as it makes you feel better.” Jov said, Linim almost heard a smile in his mischievous voice. No one else could hear him.
“It does.” Linim himself smirked. He knew it bothered Jov even if he didn’t let on. The others in the squadron assumed Linim had gone mad ages ago, talking to himself, talking to voices they couldn’t hear. There were times when Linim doubted even himself and put weight to those claims, was he crazy? No. Jov spoke to him clear as day, told him things that Linim couldn’t have known otherwise. He changed things for Linim. Gods could do that. 
“Are you thirsty yet?” Jov asked slowly, he was playing with Linim. He often did that when he was bored. 
Linim grunted. “Give me some water then.” Another one of the soldiers turned their head around, they must have realized he was talking to himself and turned back towards the endless march. They must think he’s crazy. 
“They do.”
Linim hissed, cursing quietly again and he walked. 
“Maybe I’ll give you some.” Jov said slyly. “But you have to do something for me.”
Linim stayed quiet. He had played with the fates before. He had always lost when it mattered. He didn’t want to play the games of Gods any longer. He continued to walk, his gaze centered at his feet, feeling the heat, the weight, the pain. How was he going to live much longer? Did Jov back him into a corner? Was this all part of his game? He might be forced to do something for the impish God, something he didn’t want to do. Linim seethed. He could almost hear Jov’s smile forming in his mind. 
“Alright.” Linim sighed, “What do you want.”
“Kill the man in front of you.”
Linim stopped in his tracks. What? His mind became blank for a moment, processing. Did a God just ask him to kill a man? Linim pushed himself into another step, then another, resuming normal pace. What was happening? WHY?! 
He knew Jov could read this thoughts, he preferred talking out loud though, it gave him the sense he still retained some privacy. This time he did not. 
‘Why would you have me kill him?’**