**[2022-11-03]**

** 
A sharp snap of wood made Fin twirl, knife at the ready. Nothing. He couldn’t see anyone or anything but trees with faded trunks and wild growths of brush around him. He swallowed, looking about himself quickly, what was that? Where was the break?
His eyes scanned the ground, darting everywhere, he remembered the direction the snap came from, but still saw nothing, no signs, no tracks, this area was too overgrown, too thick. Fin once again swiveled around, checking about himself, brandishing the blade. He felt surrounded, without information it’s easy to feel suffocated, as if even the trees were moving in on him, ready to strike. If you didn’t know where your pursuer was then you could assume they were everywhere. Fin kept turning himself in circles, surveying his flanks. Uneasy, he turned back towards the original source, straining his senses to pick up on anything, but failing to do so. 
Should he run? Would he run into a trap? Was he already in one? He gripped the knife harder in frustration, sweat beading down his temples, heart thumping in his ears. Another crack.
Fin swung the knife and pointed the tip in the direction of the sound, startling a small mink. He and the animal locked eyes a moment before it scampered away into the brush. Fin remained standing, his arm still extended, holding the knife and breathing heavily. Just a little rodent. Nothing more. He resheathed his hunters knife, trying to calm the thunder of his own heartbeat. It was obvious to even him he was paranoid, but he didn’t realize how on edge he had become. If it was real danger, he reacted quickly, but it wasn’t. He should’ve realized that sooner. He was losing his edge. 
He sat down on the ground for a moment, collecting his thoughts, looking for composure. The earth below him had started to drain its color the further he pushed north. He felt the dirt below him, instead of deep browns it now resembled a muted gray beige. Everything here around him felt washed out, only hints of the original hues remained. He had heard rumors of the grove ahead. It was all so peculiar though, to be seeing it first hand. If he was going to die in a few days, shouldn’t he find time to appreciate this place of wonder? He stood up brushing the grayish soil off his pants and continued trudging on. He would maybe enjoy it as a man without a clock hanging over his head, but not now. 
**