**[2023-05-09]**

** 
“Sir, reports show a high compression zone at sector 96B, mismatched output frequencies are cre-“

“You can stop with all that. You know I can’t follow it. Just send someone to fix it or whatever the fuck.”

“Yes sir.”

Captain Zarin slumped back in his chair and watched the officer hurry out of the room. Reports were becoming too complex and scientific, he just didn’t care. These days it was less about warfare tactics and domination and more about watching the damn rocks in the sky turn. He put his feet up on the station desk, looking out of the bridge window, seeing the planet below. When did everything get so boring? 

Where did someone like him go when the war was over? When the conquesting was done? He felt like a caged silvear – apex predator forced into dysfunctional domestication. Zarin cast his eyes across the landscape below, it was a spectacular view that he found difficult to appreciate these days. The skies were clear, the view of the city below unimpeded. He decided to pull the ships in closer this cycle, staying within atmosphere instead of out in orbit. Sometimes he liked watching them with his own eyes instead of through screens. It felt more real that way. It was sometimes easy to forget he was playing god with real people. 

Maybe it was simply that the fate of a conqueror was an unfair one. You either end up a failure and likely dead or a ruler with nothing left to pursue, trapped within the nauseating product of your success. He was a fantastic builder that constructed his own prison. At least his prison had a view.

A notification ping sounded from the panel next to him. He groaned and looked over. 
```
Arrival of recruitment carrier transport imminent. 
```
Huh. That was today. Zarin slowly took his feet down off the desk and stood up, straightening out his jacket, time to meet the new recruit. Draft them into damnation. He opened the notification message on the panel, expanding details. The recruit’s name was [[Aarand Vullan]]. Zarin dismissed the message and took one more long look out at the city of Windfall sitting below before marching out of the bridge to meet the new kid.
**