**[2023-06-02]**

** 
Aarand stepped back into his own personal room aboard the Empyrean capital ship, a small vegetable wrap held in his hands. He had gone down to the cafeteria to scout his new home of LQ-H a bit more. The orange halls were surprisingly easy to navigate, everything was labeled well, the flow was controlled, it made sense. He didn’t interact with any of the other residents but had again received a lot of stares and questioning looks at his blue jumpsuit. He didn’t have to push through any crowds of people but there were definitely jumpsuited men and women everywhere he looked, typical numbers of what he’d see down on the streets of Windfall. Something he had remembered one of the officers saying was that it was indeed rare for recruits to be inducted into the Empyrean at these cycles, it was undoubtedly drawing some unwanted attention. Hopefully his cover story could hold. Overall he had made it back to his room without incident. At least he hoped so. 

He sat down in front of his own personal panel, taking a bite out of the wrap. In a very short amount of time he had learned a lot about how to fake his position, but the panels were something that still loomed over him. Something every person here interacted with almost constantly. He thought back on the recruitment officer, Erat, and how much time he spent looking at his hand panel instead of anything around him, even Aarand himself. He needed to learn this. 

He tapped the screen, lighting it up, words started appearing on the screen.

*Hello Aarand, I am Pixie, your own personal panel assistant.*

Aarand took a bite out of his wrap, thinking. Was Pixie a real person? Or were they a synthetic machine person within the panel itself? Something he heard was possible. With the insane scope of what the Empyrean was, he would believe either. 

*It seems like you’re new to the system, let me check up on that.. Yep, it seems like you were just admitted today. Welcome to the Empyrean! Shall we begin onboarding procedures?*

Aarand grunted and swiped on the panel, he had seen everyone do it. Sure enough the screen flashed to a new green color. 

*Great! You clearly know how to use panels already! We can skip through basic tutorials!*

“Wait-” Aarand said, trying to swipe the screen the other way. What did he just do?
**