**[2023-06-09]**

** 
Aarand put the vegetable wrap on the desk and sank his head into his hands. If he was this incompetent with the technology here he wouldn’t last. He’d be found out sooner than later. Maybe he could use his forged backstory as a means to excuse his inability and lack of knowledge with these systems? He looked back at the screen expecting to see a complex mess of things he didn’t understand. 

*Just kidding!*

Huh?

*So far as I understand humans bond over such things as humor involving low impact lies, though my personal experience on the matter is low. Very interesting things humans choose to bond over.*

Aarand sat dumbfounded, was this panel trying to bond with him? The person behind it? No, they implied they weren’t human. Did the gods aboard the Empyrean still identify as human? Aarand had a sort of inkling they had considered themselves far above humans for the last hundred years. Maybe Pixie considered themselves more evolved just as they did. If that were the case how did the panel *know* for sure **he** was human? And why would it be okay with that? It felt like he was thinking himself into a tangled mess of identity and Empyrean politics he wasn’t equipped to understand just yet. No, simple answers were better, unfortunately the most straightforward answer was that Pixie *was* an example of artificial life. And it was trying to bond with him.

*I am hopeful this puts us on the correct foot! Shall we now go through onboarding procedures? Feel free to verbally respond or tap anywhere on the panel, though I would prefer an audio imprint of your voice for system calibration.*

The panel could hear him? Aarand had never thought about it until now, but of course the Empyrean would be able to hear him everywhere he went, surveillance was part of their primary purpose. He was an idiot. It was obvious. Even in his own room why would he have had any assumptions of privacy? Just because the door was locked? Idiot. Could the panel see him too? He suddenly felt a million eyes on him, he felt frozen. How was he to do anything on this ship with eyes and ears everywhere?

Aarand took a deep breath. Regardless, he had to continue forward. “Yes.” 

*Excellent! I can interpret all known languages in all dialects, don’t feel restricted to the standard tongue, if you have any questions during the process, the best way is to ask!*

Over the next hour or so Aarand learned all about the basic functions of the panels from Pixie’s strange way of teaching and communicating, every motion he needed to use on the screen with non verbal commands, as well as non touch motions the panels could see. Most of the technology still made him uneasy and apprehensive but it was equally fascinating to interact with at the same time. The biggest part of it was that it was simple to interact with. The commands and prompts to the system made sense, they were intuitive. A common thread he was starting to notice on board the Empyrean. He had lived his life with fundamentally difficult trades and systems in place, it made him reconsider a lot when it came to his people and their ‘advancements’ or lack thereof. He came from a world where it would take weeks for packages to be delivered in wagons pulled by animals. Now he was waving his hand to direct an artificial person to simulate ordering him food that would arrive in mere minutes. He’d gotten extremely far in very little time, but he couldn’t be shortsighted, there was a lot to learn and a lot yet to do.
**