---
metaData: metaData
tags: "Pavel Elrin"
---

The road ahead seemed endless. It wasn’t intricate in its design nor was it beautiful, but it was an impressive feat that functioned well. The matted earth path wound its way through countless provinces and kingdoms and even further beyond into the abandoned parts of the world. Pavel hated it. He hated looking at the same dirt path for days after days, the same beige uninteresting color burned into his retinas. He hated the way the ground felt under his feet, the way it stretched into oblivion. Travelling was tough on him, and yet he found himself living his life on this miserable road. He had started seeing more folk pass by him as he approached the outer edge of Wintrel, a seemingly rural province. He had heard stories about this lowly kingdom, it was once a defensive bastion. He could see the distant towering walls of the main city, now covered in vines in moss. Pavel’s pack he carried never seemed heavier, the end of this trek for the day was in sight. The images of a warm bed and warmer food, oh to be able to enjoy the night for once. He felt at his pockets, feeling only a few pieces of copper. Maybe that vision would have to wait. 

By the time Pavel entered the walls the sun had gone, making his stumbling through the unfamiliar city that much more confusing. He just needed to find somewhere to sit, to drink. He eventually happened upon a small tavern, it seemed unpopular but not dirty. The Griffin’s Perch, Pavel scoffed at the name. He set himself up at a table, pulled a heavy parchment map out of his bag and laid it out. A tired looking man strolled over eventually, the apron he wore bore the same colors as the pub’s crest out front. Pavel clutched what little money he had in his fist, there’s no way he could afford anything even here. 

The barman recognized Pavel easily as a treasure hunter, not by name, but by the way he looked: the bag, the map, his clothes. Treasure hunters were all poor. “You wantin’ some water or somethin’?” 

Pavel smiled,” How much is your cheapest drink?”

“Too much. Water?”

Pavel looked down and nodded. The barman turned to walk away, rolling his eyes as he did so. “Sir, one more thing.” He waited for the man to stop. “Do you know anyone with experience deep woods-side of Wintrel?” 

The barman turned back reluctantly, staring at him.

Pavel held up the last of his coin as an offering to him, “Please. If you know anything.”

The Perch barman sighed heavily, taking a beat to think. He took the coin. “That should cover the water. This aint an inn either, don’t get too homey.” He disappeared to the back to fetch the drink. 

Pavel slumped in his seat and reassured himself as he looked at the map that his dangerous journey would be worth it. He would be able to afford drinks and lodging, good clothes and comfort. His fingers rested on the worn parchment, on the edge of the map in the abandoned section of this known world, his journey’s end, the Kingdom of Elrin.