---
metaData: metaData
tags: "Ryn Don Seers"
---

Ryn carefully unwrapped her small leather pouch, pulling out a small stale piece of bread. Three pieces left. She sighed. It’s getting hard to live out here beyond the Seers range. After travelling for days she was starting to feel hopeless she wouldn’t find the Holdout. Her doubts crept up again maybe it was all a fairy tale, maybe there wasn’t a coalition of outsiders, maybe it was just something to inspire hope to those who dreamt of a better tomorrow. And yet here she was, after years of training and torture she made it out, but for what? She sighed again, the physical exhaustion starting to catch up to her disappointment in herself. Was there really a life out here to be had? How much longer could she survive out here alone? 

“Don’t resign yourself to such pitfalls, child.”

Ryn jumped up to her feet, dagger already in hand. Was she dreaming? What was that voice? “Who are you! Show yourself!” There were plenty of places to hide within the trees and ferns around her, especially in the dark. She needed to hear the voice again to pinpoint the direction, but it sounded like it came from all around her. 

“There is more happening than you understand.” Once again the voice seemed to emanate from all around Ryn as it spoke. It sounded light and soft but somehow uncomfortable, as if it was only pretending to be human. Hearing it only brought chills down Ryn’s spine. “You have an important job to do.” With the final word the entire area around Ryn flashed with a bright light for just a moment, only after, sitting in the darkness alone, did Ryn realize that the heavy presence she had been feeling was gone.