Amidst hazy vision a couple could be seen holding each other in the dim light and warmth of a lowly fire. They seemed happy in this moment, here and now. What laid in the darkness was evil, twisting and contorting, whispering madness and waiting. But the two seemed content. A rumbling began and they became enveloped in dark glass the mirage faded. Petyl was brought back to reality, her dream stolen from her again. She thought she recognized the pair but couldn’t quite place them. She had been having strange dreams, unusually and incredibly vivid, so much so it outshined the surrealism of what she saw. She brought out a small dark journal from her backpack, scrawling down some notes from what she had just seen. Plenty of the pages had already been filled these dreams had started to become quite frequent. She had a wavering inclination to believe they had some sort of vision-like quality to them, almost as if the dreams were not her own. She didn’t know what that meant, but still she recorded them. After she documented all she could recall she turned to the previous page. Something bothered her about the dream prior. Something was so real, so off, about the events of it. Running her fingers over the name that was spoken to her in that dream, she recounted the horrors this person was put through, the absolute devastation and heartbreak. Chills ran down her spine and a mix of fear and sadness gripped her heart. Even recounting the events took too high of an emotional toll. Petyl put away her notebook, silently praying her dreams were not real, hoping for his sake that the person named Kyr did not exist.