---
metaData: metaData
tags: "Don"
---

The lights shut off. *Fuck.* Don fumbled trying to find the flashlight on his suit, the thudding footsteps of the robot boarder getting closer. He could see the blue dot of light hanging in the darkness in front of him, the boarder’s ‘eye’. He finally found the switch for his light, he scrambled up to his feet as quickly as he could and turned around expecting the door to open. It did not. Panic was overwhelming Don at this point as he reached for the door hatch, a laser shot from behind him hit his hand immediately as he touched the panel. Instantly Don sprinted away from the door and the drone, diving behind a large crate. He could hear the bot continue to get closer as he looked at what remained of his hand. His pinky and ring fingers of his left hand were shot off clean along with some of the hand below them. The skin had cauterized from the heat of the laser, he couldn’t feel his hand at all, he was in shock. If he stayed where he was he was going to die. He had to move. The thudding was close. He launched from behind one box to another, rolling right into cover. He heard another laser shot fire before he landed, the heel of his boot had been vaporized, slicing off a bit of the skin on his foot. Smoke was still coming off of his shoe as he sat thinking. *Am I just lucky? I can’t move to another box though, that thing is gonna hit me again.* Don quickly pulled out his PSD with his right hand, scanning the crate he sat behind. Drone parts. *Maybe I really am lucky.*