---

metaData: metaData

tags: "Don"

---

Don opened the massive gate door to the cargo bay, a decently expansive space, slowly illuminated by the flickering lights above. Crates lay out among the floor, some small enough to carry, others large enough to live in. *Where is that damn biometric scanner?* He pulled out his PSD, the small screen giving him detailed information on what the contents of each crate were that he pointed the scanner at. Fuel cells, engine rotors for trade, food packages and supplies, the large courier transport crate, extra drone parts, they were definitely lugging around a fair bit on this ship. *Why can’t this fucking scanner just tell me where the box is?* An error signal started chirping from the wall panel near the cargo bay entrance, its screen flashing a distinct red. Don sprinted over to the system, the error codes locking out the system. *Is someone hacking the ship’s system?* The intercom system spiked on, gargled static and gibberish blasting over the speakers. *Fuck.* He just needed to get to a hardware terminal, there’s a chance he could shut down the takeover. The ship lurched forward, the feeling of something massive hitting it, Don was thrown to his knees, barely catching himself. A boarding drone had launched itself through the hull of the bay, the impact armor exterior-shell shedding from the robot, having done its job. The breach in the hull was expelling air quickly, small and medium sized boxes sliding across the floor of the bay. The boarder paid no mind, magnetic soles grounding it to the floor. It seemed to notice Don on the floor at the other side of the cargo bay, the body language clearly aggressive, moving in quickly. *Fuck.* The lights on the ship went out.