The dry flaky dirt beneath steel boots made a soft crunching sound, armors were clinking, men groaning. The squadron created a rhythm as they walked, relative to the quiet earthen plains they strode over it felt like music. How long had they been in this miserable heat? Even the ground under them split and tore to the terrible blaze, cracks splintered their way all throughout the fields. Deserts felt more lively, they seemed cooler in temperature than whatever this damnable place was. Linim felt the thick steel plates he wore, how they enhanced the heat creating an oven for him to live inside, how they pulled him down into the sorry earth with every step. He prayed that he could just fall through, swallowed by the ground itself. 

But it remained steady. 

He sighed, his arm ached pulling a waterskin from a strap that held along his torso. He knew it felt light, he knew he would be running out soon, but nevertheless he pulled it to his lips and tilted. He didn’t want to face whatever the fates had decided for him, he just wanted a sip of water. 

He did not find water in that pouch, he let it fall along the sling without bothering to cap it again. The fates were cruel to Linim. They had pulled him along this miserable journey with three other equally miserable men to die. He cursed almost tripping over one of the more jagged scars in the earth. If he weren’t so tired anger would have risen within him, but he just was so tired. He trudged onward. Physically he was at the end of his rope, he didn’t dare look up when he walked, he didn’t want to see how much further he needed to go. It was pointless, he knew the landscape stretched into oblivion. 

He found himself still cursing the Gods as he walked, habitually he would assume. If he could curse their names every step, maybe it was worth it to walk a little further. He didn’t want to die without doing his part, had to rebel in the little ways he could.

“As long as it makes you feel better.” Jov said, Linim almost heard a smile in his mischievous voice. No one else could hear him.

“It does.” Linim himself smirked. He knew it bothered Jov even if he didn’t let on. The others in the squadron assumed Linim had gone mad ages ago, talking to himself, talking to voices they couldn’t hear. There were times when Linim doubted even himself and put weight to those claims, was he crazy? No. Jov spoke to him clear as day, told him things that Linim couldn’t have known otherwise. He changed things for Linim. Gods could do that. 

“Are you thirsty yet?” Jov asked slowly, he was playing with Linim. He often did that when he was bored. 

Linim grunted. “Give me some water then.” Another one of the soldiers turned their head around, they must have realized he was talking to himself and turned back towards the endless march. They must think he’s crazy. 

“They do.”

Linim hissed, cursing quietly again and he walked. 

“Maybe I’ll give you some.” Jov said slyly. “But you have to do something for me.”

Linim stayed quiet. He had played with the fates before. He had always lost when it mattered. He didn’t want to play the games of Gods any longer. He continued to walk, his gaze centered at his feet, feeling the heat, the weight, the pain. How was he going to live much longer? Did Jov back him into a corner? Was this all part of his game? He might be forced to do something for the impish God, something he didn’t want to do. Linim seethed. He could almost hear Jov’s smile forming in his mind. 

“Alright.” Linim sighed, “What do you want.”

“Kill the man in front of you.”

Linim stopped in his tracks. What? His mind became blank for a moment, processing. Did a God just ask him to kill a man? Linim pushed himself into another step, then another, resuming normal pace. What was happening? WHY?! 

He knew Jov could read this thoughts, he preferred talking out loud though, it gave him the sense he still retained some privacy. This time he did not. 

‘Why would you have me kill him?’
“Because it’s fun. Hey listen, do this for me and I’ll roll the fates for water. Seems you’re pretty thirsty there soldier.”

Jov was the God of luck and misfortune, the God of Chance. A terrible malicious deity Linim had decided some time ago. He would ask Linim to do things for him, smaller things usually, and roll the fates either bringing happiness or despair. Greed at first allowed him to play into it, and for a while he seemed to be winning against the fates, he felt his luck overpowered even their own. But arrogance had since led him here, to be humbled by the hands of the fates themselves. So he cursed them with every step.

Jov had offered him a chance at survival, water, should he kill a man. No. Of course he wouldn’t. But.. he might have to. The question rose again, how much time did he have left out here in the scorching plains? Would he be willing to die to let another man live? But how long did this other man have left to live? Would it not be better for at least one of them to escape alive? 

Linim gritted his teeth, he hated even considering such madness. But one thing was for certain, he didn’t want to die out here.

He grabbed the hilt of his sword.

Almost as if a sense of knowing passed over the man in front of Linim, the man started to speak. “I hope you hold in there Lin, maybe when we reach the other side we can get you some help ya know?” The man’s name was Ganren, he spoke with a soft but caring voice. He had always treated Linim with kindness and respect. “Gods, maybe I can see my kids again.” He chuckled, turning his head to Linim behind him. “Have any family Lin?”

Linim swallowed. His firm grip not releasing off of the sword. “No.” He barely stumbled out the word. 

“Ah shame.” Ganren turned back forward, “They really do make this whole thing worth it ya know?” 

“Kill him.”

“My wife always said that I was stubborn, heh, look at me out here.”

“Kill him.”

“Hey Lin, you still need water?”

“KILL HIM!” 

Linim raised a hopeful eyebrow, “Yeah.” He could feel the dryness in his throat as he spoke. “Do you have any to spare?” 

Ganren raised his pouch, shaking it a bit. “Aw nothing but a drop or two I imagine. But here.” Ganren lifted the strap over his head and handed the waterskin to Linim. “I’m sure you need it more than me brother. Stay in there.” Without waiting for thanks, Ganren looked forward again towards the horizon. 

Linim took the pouch in his hand, mind swimming. Dazed. Jov was quiet. Linim scrambled and popped the top pushing the pouch to his lips, feeling a sip of water rejuvenate his mouth, his throat. Ganren was right, only a bit remained. As quickly as it had come, it was gone. It may not have helped as much as he had hoped, but it gave him life for that moment.

Linim looked towards the horizon, the flat heat warped plains of oblivion. “Thank you Gen.” And with that he rammed the blade of his sword through the back of the man’s chest. 

The others in front stopped and watched in horror as Linim ripped the steel blade from his friend’s back, letting him fall to the cracked earth, dead. 

“Now give me water!” Linim was shouting at the tormenting God now. How had he made him do something so terrible? How he had inflicted him with such thirst, such need. He cursed, dropping his sword onto the scarred land, sending up flakes of dirt. He was crying, his chest heaving. How could he have done what he just did? He knew why, he knew after tasting that water he had to. One of them had to live. He fell to his knees, begging. “Please, the water. Don’t let this be in vain.”

“Hmm, the fates have denied you.”