---
metaData: metaData
tags: "Rallyn Riv Kedrel Fin Pulse Divide"
---

Riv kicked at a dead pheasant, the creature was missing feathers and patches of skin, likely a sickness was the killer. Though out here it was hard to tell. No scavengers had gotten to it yet which was a surprise. He glanced back at the two guardsmen that accompanied him in the darkness. The king had thought it was wise to not have their only Pulser in the kingdom sent out alone past the Divide without backup. For all that the king was intelligent, he was also ignorant. How much did the man really know about Riv’s people? He squinted through the shadows around himself, he felt almost blind and incapacitated in the low light level. This would definitely take some getting used to after living with light for so long.

Out here past the Divide everything was dark, an eternal umbra an unchanging level of dusk that remained throughout the days and nights. Looking up into the sky you could make out the dim gray disks of the sun and moons. Life here didn’t exist the same way it did on the other side. The darkness seemed to permeate through everything, the flora grew in sickly desperate strains, no real light to feed it properly. The animals who survived off the unsubstantial flora grew equally as twisted and diseased, the effect winding up the food chain.

Though their group had only traveled a half hour through the darkness it seemed like another world entirely, even a few steps past the Divide would grant the same effect. Riv could see the expressions of the two people with him barely through the thick shade. They clearly had never set foot on this side had they? The taller guardsman, Kedrel, who wore the silvery steel plate seemed to grip his heavy blade like someone would take it from him. He would jump at his own shadow if there were any in the darkness. Oddly enough he didn’t wear a helmet that matched his set of plate, an odd choice, he instead wore a brown cloth he had tied around the top of his head.
The shorter one, Rallyn, was of more interest to Riv, there was a sense of competence and experience that she held in an air about herself. Though she still seemed concerned she didn’t seem scared. She wore chainmail and hardened leather, marked with the insignias of the royal guards of Wintrel, a simple three lines. Riv smiled at the notion that someone would be smart enough to be lighter on their feet out here. The detail that interested him though was that of her sword, an unbelievable and legendary relic of time’s past, a dark alloy blade. One didn’t simply gloss over something like that. A wielder of dark alloy was someone that commanded your immediate respect, such a sought after and fought after prize, only the most capable seemed to ever carry them. Riv found himself hoping to witness her in battle, it was an opportunity to behold, seeing a dark alloy user practice their art. 

“Um, sir?” Kedrel had stopped looking over his own shoulder for a moment long enough to address Riv. “Why can’t we just light a torch?” The question had probably been bothering him for the last half hour hiking through the pervasive gloom. 

Riv shrugged, “Do it.”

Kedrel raised an eyebrow at the answer, but dropped his pack to the ground and walked a short distance away to look for wood to start a fire. Rallyn looked to Riv, questioning look on her face. “Surely there’s a reason why? Right?”

“You’ll see.”

Kedrel came back to the group with a thick and twisted branch which he set on the ground to search through his pack for a rag. Rallyn kept eyeing Riv, he could see her out of the corner of his eye, searching him for answers. Such a skeptical one. He glared contentedly at the tall soldier fumbling with the makeshift torch. After what seemed too long Kedrel finally had the torch wrapped and ready, setting it alight. Immediately it was clear what was wrong. The fire gave off no light itself. Like the sun above it was gray and muted and did not interact with the air around it. The shade of the air around it stayed its distinct umbral, no darker, no lighter.
Without a word Riv started walking again, his lesson finished. He could hear Kedrel grumble and stomp out the torch behind. Rallyn caught up with him quickly, her eyes forward. “Sir.. how much do you know about this place?”

“Enough to know we shouldn’t be here.” Riv kept his stride steady. He could hear Kedrel finally fall into pace behind him. “We can’t be here. The darkness doesn’t allow it.” 

“Okay.. well as cryptic and vague as that is, it doesn't really answer my question.” She sounded frustrated almost. 

“Ask a better one then.” 

He could hear Rallyn sigh, “What is the darkness? What causes the Divide? We’ve been told stories and heard legends about it our entire lives but..” She trailed off.

But their lives were short. What could you even say to someone so young? Anyone who wasn’t Pulse just hadn’t yet and wouldn’t ever live long enough to know the truth about the world, to see it with their own eyes and understand. It would always be a memory out of reach to them, locked away in their folktales and campfire songs. What could you say to make someone understand the truth of what hid behind this awful pervasive darkness? That awful shattering truth of why this world was being hidden away? Perhaps he should tell her just that, but he understood the frustration of hearing such things, that things are just out of reach for you. 

Riv turned to Rallyn, “Have you heard the tale of Fin the hunter?” 

“Uh, no..” 

“Well, it starts off as most tales do, with someone capable. Our such someone was named Fin, a master hunter and trapper.” Riv reached into the side of his pack and pulled out a bundle of something. “And Fin was dying.” He unwrapped the bundle, a small loaf of the swirly bread from Wintrel’s castle baker.