---
metaData: metaData
tags: "Pavel"
---

Pavel jolted awake, a loud sound ripped him from sleep. He looked around in the darkness, just a sliver of light hanging above. He shifted around slightly, pieces of trash crumpling around him. He had slept in a trash bin again, he thought this alley was safe enough for the day. Maybe it wasn’t. He stared at the bin door above, had someone opened it? Was the sound he heard someone closing the heavy door again after discovering his hiding place? His heart started racing, if someone knew he was here that would mean trouble for him. He started, reaching for his pack buried in the corner, and sat up within the spacious bin, crouched, patting all of his pockets making sure he had everything he needed before he left.
Pavel slowly pushed up the door just an inch to peer out into the light. For a few moments it was hard to see anything, the brightness was blinding. He blinked a few times before he was able to make out the scene in front of him. A dead man at the mouth to the alleyway lay pooled in his own blood, slumped against the wall. Pavel dropped the door immediately, sitting crouched in the darkness. Panic flooded his mind. Had anyone seen him? What if the killer is still here? Is he safe here?
After a deep breath Pavel fished around in his pack slowly for the little knife he had, resolute to make as little sound as possible. Finally finding the thing buried deep he pulled out the small blade, still sheathed in rough, scratchy leather. He never had to use this before. He hoped he still didn’t have to. He gripped the hilt and stripped the sheath off, his little dagger reflecting the small beam of light that filtered in through the seam in the door above him. Pavel was no brave warrior, he was a coward. He decided quickly waiting in his hiding place would be the best course of action. He didn’t know how active things were out there, the last thing he wanted was to get involved. 
But how long until someone discovers the body and investigators search the surrounding area? He cursed to himself, he was really stuck in an impossible situation wasn’t he? All he wanted to do was to disappear. He pushed his ear towards the thin opening, if someone was out there he wanted to know. Eventually a scream, he guessed someone finally found the body. Quietly cursing to himself he lifted the lid an inch to peek out again, barely seeing someone’s heel pass out of sight of the alley. They were going to notify the guards. Pavel swore and leaped out of the trash bin, stumbling on the landing. He just had to get out of here. Pavel had only taken a few steps forward before someone appeared near the entrance. They called out and pointed at him, “The killer is here!”
Pavel realized he was still holding the knife in his hand, he swore loudly, looking about, begging to himself, “Please be a way out, please.” An unlabeled iron door stood sunken into the stone wall of the alley, one he hadn’t noticed last night on the way in. Without hesitation Pavel lunged for the handle and threw himself inside, still hearing the shouts behind him, the yells calling after him as the killer.