Fin, now standing, pointed his knife at the strange man, the fire still blazing and crackling between them. The stranger still sat, warming the palms of his hands on the fire. He looked up at Fin with an almost humorous expression. “Sit down son, I’m too tired for that.” He shivered, “And cold.” He turned his expression away from Fin and back to the fire, enjoying its warmth. He had long messy and tangled brown hair and wore very simple garb, dark gray, almost robe-like. Strong features that looked so calm as he just stared content at the fire.

Was this man here to hurt Fin? His immediate instincts said yes, but then they always said yes. “Who are you?” He blurted out, he gripped the handle a little tighter.

The stranger's eyes flicked back up to Fin, he looked almost surprised he was still holding him at knifepoint. “Friend, I’m someone who’s just a little chilled out here in the woods and could use a fire.” He raised his eyebrows, looking at his blade, “And someone who could use less of that.”

Dealing with people, especially strangers, wasn’t Fin’s speciality. He knew that. He always preferred the woods, the woods made sense. Animals made sense. Plants made sense. Everything was wired a certain way, he could figure it out, the way things worked out here, the food chain, the ecosystems. But people were another story, they were complex, they did things that didn’t make sense. Every person was so different, so hard to understand. They said things they didn’t mean, did things to cause pain. People hurt him. 

His mind worked to assess this stranger, most immediate conclusions screamed this man was dangerous, that this man had been following him. He felt that nagging sensation though, the optimistic person within himself asking if he was really just threatening a man who came to him to share some heat and some safety from the environment. He did not lower the knife however. Not until he was decided. “What are you doing out here?”

“I could ask you the same, friend. The grove here isn’t too keen on accepting travelers.” The strangers' eyes looked around the both of them, from the canopy that sat above to the thick trunks of trees and brush that riddled the area. All gray and colorless. “The grove is a wondrous place, friend. But that doesn’t mean it’s welcoming.” His eyes returned to the fire. “Lord knows I clearly haven’t been shown any welcoming spirit.” He chuckled. 

Fin swallowed, eyes still locked on the man before him. This stranger only gave him more questions, in both answers and directly. He looked at the knife in his hand. “I’m sorry about that.” Why did he apologize?

“It’s okay, we all get jumpy out alone in the forests sometimes now don’t we?” The stranger said, he smiled at Fin despite the knife in his hand.

Fin didn’t have long until he would die, he didn’t know how long he had been awake either. A few days ago it had been a week until his clock would run out, today though, he couldn’t tell how long those ‘few days’ had been. He was losing track of time, it could be any day, any moment, that he would simply fall over and die. It wasn’t lost on him that he didn’t have to do it alone. Honestly, he preferred it that way, but facts remained, without taking risks he realized he probably wouldn’t make it. Was trusting this stranger a risk he would take? He was tired, lost, and not in any position to continue as he had. Sleep. He needed it. Badly. How, though, could he now sleep knowing that there were people around? How could he sleep knowing this man specifically was around? The options were clear to Fin, before he could sleep he needed to make a choice. Either trust this man or be rid of him.