---
metaData: metaData
tags: "Linim Jov-The-God-of-Chance Ganren"
---

“Because it’s fun. Hey listen, do this for me and I’ll roll the fates for water. Seems you’re pretty thirsty there soldier.”

Jov was the God of luck and misfortune, the God of Chance. A terrible malicious deity Linim had decided some time ago. He would ask Linim to do things for him, smaller things usually, and roll the fates either bringing happiness or despair. Greed at first allowed him to play into it, and for a while he seemed to be winning against the fates, he felt his luck overpowered even their own. But arrogance had since led him here, to be humbled by the hands of the fates themselves. So he cursed them with every step.

Jov had offered him a chance at survival, water, should he kill a man. No. Of course he wouldn’t. But.. he might have to. The question rose again, how much time did he have left out here in the scorching plains? Would he be willing to die to let another man live? But how long did this other man have left to live? Would it not be better for at least one of them to escape alive? 

Linim gritted his teeth, he hated even considering such madness. But one thing was for certain, he didn’t want to die out here.

He grabbed the hilt of his sword.

Almost as if a sense of knowing passed over the man in front of Linim, the man started to speak. “I hope you hold in there Lin, maybe when we reach the other side we can get you some help ya know?” The man’s name was Ganren, he spoke with a soft but caring voice. He had always treated Linim with kindness and respect. “Gods, maybe I can see my kids again.” He chuckled, turning his head to Linim behind him. “Have any family Lin?”

Linim swallowed. His firm grip not releasing off of the sword. “No.” He barely stumbled out the word. 

“Ah shame.” Ganren turned back forward, “They really do make this whole thing worth it ya know?” 

“Kill him.”

“My wife always said that I was stubborn, heh, look at me out here.”

“Kill him.”

“Hey Lin, you still need water?”

“KILL HIM!” 

Linim raised a hopeful eyebrow, “Yeah.” He could feel the dryness in his throat as he spoke. “Do you have any to spare?” 

Ganren raised his pouch, shaking it a bit. “Aw nothing but a drop or two I imagine. But here.” Ganren lifted the strap over his head and handed the waterskin to Linim. “I’m sure you need it more than me brother. Stay in there.” Without waiting for thanks, Ganren looked forward again towards the horizon. 

Linim took the pouch in his hand, mind swimming. Dazed. Jov was quiet. Linim scrambled and popped the top pushing the pouch to his lips, feeling a sip of water rejuvenate his mouth, his throat. Ganren was right, only a bit remained. As quickly as it had come, it was gone. It may not have helped as much as he had hoped, but it gave him life for that moment.

Linim looked towards the horizon, the flat heat warped plains of oblivion. “Thank you Gen.” And with that he rammed the blade of his sword through the back of the man’s chest. 

The others in front stopped and watched in horror as Linim ripped the steel blade from his friend’s back, letting him fall to the cracked earth, dead. 

“Now give me water!” Linim was shouting at the tormenting God now. How had he made him do something so terrible? How he had inflicted him with such thirst, such need. He cursed, dropping his sword onto the scarred land, sending up flakes of dirt. He was crying, his chest heaving. How could he have done what he just did? He knew why, he knew after tasting that water he had to. One of them had to live. He fell to his knees, begging. “Please, the water. Don’t let this be in vain.”

“Hmm, the fates have denied you.”