---
metaData: metaData
chars: Cel, Rallyn, King Tem
---

The night was as silent as any but it still left Rallyn feeling anxious. Would the assassin be here tonight? Tomorrow? She rubbed her gloved hands together, fighting off the piercing chill. Tonight King Tem had ordered a feast in the castle knowing an assassin was lurking about in wait. Rallyn thought it was a bait of some sort by the old king, he was admittedly crafty. Must have had some tricks up his sleeve to have survived this long on that throne after all. 
Whatever his plan was, Rallyn’s plan was to stand here safely. She knew the truth about herself, she was afraid. She didn’t want to find an unnamed murderer that was bold enough to threaten a monarch, she wanted to live another day. She found she was starting to ask herself the tough questions. 
*If I saw the killer would I even do anything to stop him? *
She sighed, pretty sure she knew the answer. She wasn’t brave like her sister Cel, a true warrior, a champion alongside a Magin user. She tightened her jaw. Why did she always have to compare herself to her? 
She looked down at her own hands, simple leather gloves with three black lines on each wrist, the marks of a royal guard. These were the hands of someone capable right? These thoughts turned her attention to the feel of the light armor she wore, she was aware of the touch of chainmail and leathers against her skin, she could feel the weight of the sheath on her side holding her prized shortsword. She stood for a moment, looking around in the stillness of night then slipped her sword out into the torch light. Light seemed to almost be absorbed into the black metal, reflected in an almost oily prismatic way along the edges, dark alloy. Her blade had a name as all dark alloy weapons did, Nightglow. She didn’t name the old sword, it was one that was passed down with it. When you held it you seemed to know the name to be true somehow, like a memory you had unlocked. Runes ran down the length of the dark blade, symbols etched that told a tale. 
‘The champion of the moon fights with the power of her star.’
She regarded Nightglow for a moment longer before sliding it back in her sheath. She never really understood why her sword was engraved with that saying. She had long pondered it but couldn’t really grasp what it meant or why she should be the one to have it. She, the cowardly dueler wielding a legendary dark alloy blade. One could maybe translate the meaning as humanity always finds a reason to fight, for someone, or together. She didn’t really know. 
Why did anyone fight anyway? Why did *she?* She shuffled in place, suddenly feeling uncomfortable. Why *DID she* fight? Why was she here standing outside a king’s castle supposedly ready to engage a trained killer? She enjoyed the blade, the art of it anyway. But did she enjoy hurting? No. And she certainly didn’t enjoy being hurt either. Why did swordplay have to be so woven in with the painful and brutal side of humanity. It’s such a graceful and beautiful art, why does it have to kill?
Rallyn tried to push away the thoughts. As uneventful as these nights usually were, someone else’s life could be in her hands. At the very least she should be attentive enough to alert the other more capable guards if she saw anything right? She could help in her own way. 
She gripped the hilt of Nightglow again, a comfortable touch. What a waste she was to this blade. Cel should have it, she WAS the warrior after all. She loosened her grip now feeling shame to even touch the weapon at all but didn’t remove her hand. 
She caught her mind drifting again, why couldn’t she just focus? Why has she been lately so consumed with thoughts of her own inadequacy? What merit do those invasive ideas even have on her? She is accomplished with the blade, wielder of a dark alloy, a royal guard, a killer-
*What?*