---

metaData: metaData

tags: "Barnib"

---

Barnib sat in the low light of his study, the shadows cast off his stacks of books and ink bottles barely creating enough illuminated space for his scrawling on the stacked pages in front of him. It was too late to still suffer through such things, why had he been cursed with such responsibilities as these? And yet he wrote with earnestness despite his predicament for he was one of few who could write such texts, one of the few with the familiarity of these ideas. Had the gods damned him with such knowledge? What blessing created such debilitating fatigue? An overworked field hand would feel more mental stability, a higher sense of peace of mind he assured himself.

Of course Barnib never so much as held a farming tool in his smooth uncalloused hands, but the weight of this pressure was extreme and it made him feel validated to assume he had been worked harder. It gave him rightful cause to the way he was feeling. 

Oh such pressure! Such overwhelming pressure.. and he spent his time ruminating over this situation instead of focusing on his works. He needed to focus. His hand wasn’t moving, it wasn’t writing. Why couldn’t he write anymore? Why couldn’t he spill out words into the page like before? Was this his limit? Would his downfall be a mental block? He threw the pen away in frustration, in the cramped space it ended up moving only to the other side of the littered desk. He held his face in his hands not caring the ink residue was staining his cheeks. What would become of him in the days that followed? He would exist only as a failure through text and tongue. 

He sat for a moment, his mind silent, his burst of emotion subsided, he lowered his hands from his face to see he had toppled over a jar of ink onto his works he was writing, the heavy ink already seeping through the thick paged book. 

There was a moment of panic but he felt frozen and helpless throughout it. Why couldn’t he move? He sat and watched the ink soak deeper into the parchment, words being submerged and lost. In that moment he convinced himself this is what he deserved after all. With mere hours left the only hope that was left died in the blacked out pages of that book. 

The soft light from the few too little candles he had danced across his little cubby, he noticed it now, not entranced by his works any longer. He stared at how the flames licked and played at the wicks of the small candles, such power within flame, yet given so little room to utilize its potential. 

What a fool he was, locked in this little room. What prodigies and prophetic skill has he squandered in such places? He could’ve been something. Now no longer. His chances gone like the passages beneath him, drowned by their own essence.

He was never a particularly religious individual but he knew of the Gods in theory. He had translated many works detailing the histories, the theocracies, the words that the Gods themselves had spoken into being throughout humankind. Supposedly.

Nevertheless he put his skeptical mind aside, tucking his hands under his shoulders. He felt uncomfortable but he knew it was the common prayer position, it symbolized death, for what are we to the Gods but nothing? They are the ones who grant life.