---
metaData: metaData
chars: Sellira, Rel, Fellren
---

Rel held the silver platter steady, several ivory plates and cups stacked high, each containing the finest delicacies the kingdom had to offer. Sweet rolls spiced with exotic oils from the western provinces, skin of a barrel fish that had boiled for three days in sugared vell juice, among other tasty treats that only the richest of nobility would ever have the capacity to try. Rel stood in a line of servants, each holding their own trays proffered to king Modin, who stood bare chested, scratching his oversized gut thinking about the meals before him. 

“Send a new feast, these don’t interest me.”

Sellira stepped forward, his lead assistant. “My lord, this array is filled with all the bakers have. There is no mo-”

The king waved a hand dismissively and began walking towards his bed, “I will not repeat myself. If this is all the bakers can do, then have them exiled or killed, I don’t care which.”

Sellira gripped the sides of her note board, Rel could see the frustration and anxiety building in her face. It’s a shame the person he was here to kill wasn’t the king. 

“Alright.” Sellira sighed, looking past the long line of servants, “You heard him, send these back to the kitchens.” She stared at the floor as she stalked out of the room.

She was a good person Sellira was, Rel figured she would try and find a way to donate the dishes to the local poverty instead of simply throwing them away like the king would assuredly want. He turned with the rest of the staff and began marching out of the king’s chambers into the hallways beyond. If old Modin ever found out he’d have her executed publicly, he would no doubt view it as an insult to the throne if meals that were deserving of a king were ever shared by the common people. 

The level of wealth displayed within the castle was something Rel expected from someone like the king, but the shock of seeing it with his own eyes still lingered. Riches that decorated a single hallway that some smaller towns within the province would never collectively see in a hundred generations. He was not here to steal, but the voice in the back of his mind had often quietly offered such ideas, he knew that getting out of here with even the smallest of trinkets or adornments that lined the walls would set him up for a long while. His eyes remained forward as he walked however, he wasn’t here to steal, that wasn’t why he was hired. Performing the job you were hired for was above all else. He’d have time for his selfish ambitions later. 

The kitchens were proportionately as massive as the rest of the castle, but here instead of the gaudy over displayed richness was a refined, clean, and methodically sound space. This was the sanctum of the lead chef, Fellren, and he liked his realms meticulously sterile and minimalistic. He stood tall in front of the serving stations, hands held behind his back – a commandeering posture – with a disappointed look on his face, no doubt at seeing all the trays return full from the king’s quarters. 

Fellren called out, “Sellira! Come at once!” He remained standing where he was, disgruntled look, his eyes cast over the line of servants like they themselves were the issue and not the food. 

Sellira hurried into the kitchen alongside the train of servants, bowing slightly. “Sorry my lord, but the king has requested something.. else.” She didn’t look him in the eyes, but instead at his feet. “He said these ‘didn’t interest him’.”