---
metaData: metaData
tags: "Riv King-Tem"
---

The king seemed confused, his brow furrowed. “I.. don’t understand..  destroying dark alloy? Is that not an impossible feat?”

“Passion leads us to do impossible things, Tem. When only an impossibility stands in your way of what you desire most, it’s merely a step away.” Riv had found a small dish of orange butter and was now spreading it on a slice with a bone knife. “She split Tendril into two equal halves. The Heart of Tendril and The Soul of Tendril. The new swords were thin enough such that they could enter in the keyhole of the enormous cell door. One blade to put pressure on the turning mechanism, another to push up the pins.”

A servant delivered two fresh plates of the swirled red bread in front of Riv which he accepted graciously, slathering one of the loaves with the orange butter. “Our blacksmith opened the door.” Riv’s eyes met the king’s. “And she found her daughter already dead. The boy had murdered her daughter and in a desperate attempt to cover his wrong doing had locked her body in the cell, a room he thought no one would be able to open.” He continued to eat his bread in silence, signaling the end to the story.

The king took a moment to consider what he had been told. If he had any questions about the epilogue of this story he did not ask them, he understood that nothing would have happened to the little prince. “Is that story real?”

Riv shrugged, “Is it?” He glared back. 

The king met his eyes. He spoke softly,  “Do you know of what is to come Lord Rivinwell?”

“...Yes. This kingdom, *your* kingdom, as defensible as it is, is already dead at the heart, no matter the tools you employ.”

Tem sighed, “So then I must ask again, why have you come?”

“The contract of the Divide is weakening and I understand the burden you carry and the sacrifice you gave to the world but the world is changing King Temerel and I cannot save you from it.” Riv stood, resting his palms on the table. “But I will try.”