---
metaData: metaData
chars: Riv, Kedrel
---

Riv kicked at a dead pheasant, the creature was missing feathers and patches of skin, likely a sickness was the killer. Though out here it was hard to tell. No scavengers had gotten to it yet which was a surprise. He glanced back at the two guardsmen that accompanied him in the darkness. The king had thought it was wise to not have their only Pulser in the kingdom sent out alone past the Divide without backup. For all that the king was intelligent, he was also ignorant. How much did the man really know about Riv’s people? He squinted through the shadows around himself, he felt almost blind and incapacitated in the low light level. This would definitely take some getting used to after living with light for so long.

Out here past the Divide everything was dark, an eternal umbra an unchanging level of dusk that remained throughout the days and nights. Looking up into the sky you could make out the dim gray disks of the sun and moons. Life here didn’t exist the same way it did on the other side. The darkness seemed to permeate through everything, the flora grew in sickly desperate strains, no real light to feed it properly. The animals who survived off the unsubstantial flora grew equally as twisted and diseased, the effect winding up the food chain.

Though their group had only traveled a half hour through the darkness it seemed like another world entirely, even a few steps past the Divide would grant the same effect. Riv could see the expressions of the two people with him barely through the thick shade. They clearly had never set foot on this side had they? The taller guardsman, Kedrel, who wore the silvery steel plate seemed to grip his heavy blade like someone would take it from him. He would jump at his own shadow if there were any in the darkness. Oddly enough he didn’t wear a helmet that matched his set of plate, an odd choice, he instead wore a brown cloth he had tied around the top of his head.