---
metaData: metaData
tags: "Rallyn Riv Kedrel"
---

The shorter one, Rallyn, was of more interest to Riv, there was a sense of competence and experience that she held in an air about herself. Though she still seemed concerned she didn’t seem scared. She wore chainmail and hardened leather, marked with the insignias of the royal guards of Wintrel, a simple three lines. Riv smiled at the notion that someone would be smart enough to be lighter on their feet out here. The detail that interested him though was that of her sword, an unbelievable and legendary relic of time’s past, a dark alloy blade. One didn’t simply gloss over something like that. A wielder of dark alloy was someone that commanded your immediate respect, such a sought after and fought after prize, only the most capable seemed to ever carry them. Riv found himself hoping to witness her in battle, it was an opportunity to behold, seeing a dark alloy user practice their art. 

“Um, sir?” Kedrel had stopped looking over his own shoulder for a moment long enough to address Riv. “Why can’t we just light a torch?” The question had probably been bothering him for the last half hour hiking through the pervasive gloom. 

Riv shrugged, “Do it.”

Kedrel raised an eyebrow at the answer, but dropped his pack to the ground and walked a short distance away to look for wood to start a fire. Rallyn looked to Riv, questioning look on her face. “Surely there’s a reason why? Right?”

“You’ll see.”

Kedrel came back to the group with a thick and twisted branch which he set on the ground to search through his pack for a rag. Rallyn kept eyeing Riv, he could see her out of the corner of his eye, searching him for answers. Such a skeptical one. He glared contentedly at the tall soldier fumbling with the makeshift torch. After what seemed too long Kedrel finally had the torch wrapped and ready, setting it alight. Immediately it was clear what was wrong. The fire gave off no light itself. Like the sun above it was gray and muted and did not interact with the air around it. The shade of the air around it stayed its distinct umbral, no darker, no lighter.