---
metaData: metaData
chars: Fin
---

Fin stoked the fire, watching little wisps and embers float up and vanish. Soon he would join those embers and be gone to the world. He lost himself staring into the blaze for some time, reminding himself that his clock was running out. He knew he needed to rest but it was a painful acknowledgement all the same. With so little time left, why did he have to spend so much of it in rest, in sleep, and in sating his hunger? He found it ironic in some way, the less time he had the less he wanted to spend it doing what it took to simply live. Usually he wouldn’t let a fire burn this long either, they acted as beacons in the night, and people were attracted to such things. He no longer wanted to let his paranoia rule him though. After drawing his weapon in response to a simple mink, he decided his on edge attitude would only prove to slow him down, something he couldn’t afford. Unfortunately he felt his hand was forced in wasting time to rest, auditory hallucinations that started infrequently were now all but common. His mind was slowed, certain connections weren’t forming and it was causing frustration. Sleep be damned, but he needed it. 

“I appreciate the fire.”

Fin didn’t bother looking around. The hallucinations were becoming stronger. At first he was able to hear the beginning of someone speaking, maybe sounds, but they would cut off sharply and fade back into his mind. He was sometimes able to tell real from imaginary by how the noise faded. But now they were full sentences. 

“Hard of hearing?”

This time Fin did raise his head, seeing a strange looking man sitting on the opposite side of the fire from him, warming his hands. 

“Ah, maybe just didn’t hear me the first time.”