---
metaData: metaData
tags: "Rallyn Riv Kedrel Fin Pulse Divide"
---

Without a word Riv started walking again, his lesson finished. He could hear Kedrel grumble and stomp out the torch behind. Rallyn caught up with him quickly, her eyes forward. “Sir.. how much do you know about this place?”

“Enough to know we shouldn’t be here.” Riv kept his stride steady. He could hear Kedrel finally fall into pace behind him. “We can’t be here. The darkness doesn’t allow it.” 

“Okay.. well as cryptic and vague as that is, it doesn't really answer my question.” She sounded frustrated almost. 

“Ask a better one then.” 

He could hear Rallyn sigh, “What is the darkness? What causes the Divide? We’ve been told stories and heard legends about it our entire lives but..” She trailed off.

But their lives were short. What could you even say to someone so young? Anyone who wasn’t Pulse just hadn’t yet and wouldn’t ever live long enough to know the truth about the world, to see it with their own eyes and understand. It would always be a memory out of reach to them, locked away in their folktales and campfire songs. What could you say to make someone understand the truth of what hid behind this awful pervasive darkness? That awful shattering truth of why this world was being hidden away? Perhaps he should tell her just that, but he understood the frustration of hearing such things, that things are just out of reach for you. 

Riv turned to Rallyn, “Have you heard the tale of Fin the hunter?” 

“Uh, no..” 

“Well, it starts off as most tales do, with someone capable. Our such someone was named Fin, a master hunter and trapper.” Riv reached into the side of his pack and pulled out a bundle of something. “And Fin was dying.” He unwrapped the bundle, a small loaf of the swirly bread from Wintrel’s castle baker.