---
metaData: metaData
chars: King Tem
---

King Tem lifted the letter off his desk, regarding it with a level of seriousness he hadn’t held in quite some time. The parchment was stained with careful penmanship, beautiful if it had not been a threat. An assassination warning. From the assassin. The king sneered, the threat was written with a level of bravado that insinuated the killer was looking for a challenge. What an audacious move. Yet the intent was working, it did instill fear in Tem as he read it and reread it again and again. He knew this wasn’t hollow boasting, this was a professional who had never been humbled. Maybe for good reason. 
His small kingdom was secure from armies, it could withstand long standing sieges with its fortified structure and agricultural prowess and yet Wintrel’s large scale defensive ability from outside its walls was soured by its almost startling incapacity to protect from within. The city played on a gambit that hadn’t been challenged for generations and this assassin knew it. The king frowned, crinkling the edges of the paper as his fingers squeezed with frustration. 
But why? Why choose him? The grand level politics of neighboring kingdoms and provinces never concerned him, he had stayed out of their games. Was that enough of a reason? If you don’t play their games do you lose anyway? 
No. He knew. This wasn’t a petty game played by an overreaching lord, this was something deeper. It was an evil he had done his best to suppress, this was payment he incurred from doing so. After all these years the Divide finally caught up to him. 
Tem cursed and stood up, pacing across the floor of his chamber, back and forth, thinking. What could he hope to do? If this attempt on his life came to pass he would surely succumb to it. The kingdom didn’t employ any Pulsers inside its walls, there was never a need for such offensive magin power here. Hope seemed fleeting. He stopped at the lone window in the room, catching a glimpse of his magnificent city sprawling out before him, grand walls surrounding the edges hugging the kingdom in on itself, larger fields sitting beyond it stretching into the horizon. This was the first step of some larger play looming overhead. Whatever these people, his citizens,  were subjected to after his death would surely be ruinous. Whatever was coming would be their end. He couldn’t protect them anymore.