King Tem worked his way along the main city road of Wintrel, polished cobblestones passing underneath him in a set of ornate patterns. He was fond of the roads and thoroughfares in his kingdom, the detail, the structure. How could you ever have a proper functioning city without strong roads to carry horses and wagons? To carry the people? Inspire even the beggars by the road they walk upon. 

He looked about himself, seeing the crowds shift and flow up and down the street. The ignorance of the masses. He pulled up his hood and continued on. His disguise, in his opinion, wasn’t very well put together, a simple brown robe tied off at the waist with a length of rope, gray trousers underneath along with simple sandals. He tried to rough up the fabric a bit, hoping the frays of the cloth would feel more natural. He even went out to his gardens and rubbed his face and clothes with a little dirt. Grime would help. But he still felt himself walking as a king, the natural posture and authority he had been so accustomed to. He winced every time he caught himself walking straight backed, what a fool. 

He had been advised very harshly against making the trip down from his keep but he wasn’t worried. If the assassin comes for him in the midst of his own people then so be it. He felt like an animal with its leg caught in a trap, just immobilized and waiting for the end. No, he wanted to get out and walk, to see. Was this truly any riskier than staying in the trap waiting for the hunter? He liked to think it wasn’t. His new Pulser and best guards had been sent away for a few hours anyway, no sense in sitting and waiting for his death in his own home alone. 

He found himself thinking about Riv, Pulsers weren’t exactly the easiest people to understand. So many secrets they always carried about them and this one was no different. How had Riv known so much? About him, the Divide, his kingdom’s fate. People passed by Tem and he thought he could see them glancing at him. Was that in his head? He pulled his hood up tighter to shadow more of his face. 

The Pulser had insisted he go beyond the Divide a short distance to investigate some suspicions he had, he didn’t share more than that but still accepted the company of two others with him after some insistence. Curious. The man had good timing though, good presence of where to be. Tem didn’t think Riv was the assassin, he knew he could’ve been killed countless times already since his arrival here in Wintrel. There was an air about Riv, though rough and mysterious – even frustratingly at some points – that was honest. And bless the stars he was grateful, to have a Pulser in your midst and on your side was a blessing indeed.
Tem stopped along the road to observe a sign for a leather workers shop, inside its windows you could see mannequins dressed with various types of armor. He looked back down the street a ways to see that his guard was still following from a distance, they weren’t in as ridiculous of a costume by comparison, they fit in with the crowd well even with the sword at their side.They shared a nod and Tem lethargically moved away from the storefront feigning disinterest, continuing again down the street. He had to admit something to himself before hiking down from the palace, his kingdom wasn’t always the safest place to be in recent times. He could feel an anxiety in the air as he walked through it, like a glass at the edge of the table, he felt like something was moments away from shattering. 

Riv had spoken about those things hadn’t he? Had the Divide failed so soon? 

Someone bumped into the side of the king throwing him off balance, he stumbled but didn’t fall. By the time he composed himself and looked for the person they were lost in the crowds. He pulled his hood back up and continued on, a little more wary of his surroundings. Making a scene would be highly unfortunate. He kept his head forward, looking around and acting suspicious makes you suspicious. 

He turned into an alley and found an unlabeled iron door. He looked back to the entrance of the alley that he had walked in from seeing his guard lean against the wall there, hat down over his eyes. Tem turned back to the door, and reached to knock. His heartbeat quickened, and he found himself sweating. Thump. Tem pulled his hand away from the door, he hadn’t yet knocked. He looked to the alley entrance, his guard slumped over on the ground, blood spilling over the polished stones from a knife in his neck. Tem reached for the door handle, throwing the door open, and hurrying inside.