---
metaData: metaData
tags: "Riv King-Tem"
---

The feast was wonderful. A long banquet table piled with a vast assortment of trays and plates of the province’s finest food and drink filled the hall. Servants passing through doorways set into the long side of the room were taking empty plates and replacing them with full ones, extravagant meals piled high. A seemingly endless array to choose from, breathtaking. The hall itself wasn’t the grandest but it bore subtleties of luxury, the colored tapestries made of fine silks, the table itself was Gnawood, even the plates were shaped and polished from silvear bones.

Riv poked at a baked pheasant with his fork idly as he watched the flow of the room, working like a well oiled machine. Even the fork was intricately cut silvear bone, he twirled it in his fingers and went for another bite. The bird was delicious by way of standards of course but it was coated in rich sauces and spices that he couldn’t quite stomach, he tried washing away the taste with a few sips of ale. He moved that plate aside and opted for one with a colorful looking bread. A servant swept up his discarded dish only moments after pushing it away. 

He could hear the king talking across the table a few seats over to a group of what looked like merchant leaders. The tradesmasters always donned those bright colored vests and chains, some fashion he didn’t understand. Why make things complicated? He could hear mentions of trade routes to Paranel but he didn’t care enough to hold focus to it. That’s not why he was here. He would wait.

He tore a piece off the loaf, inspecting the colors that swirled through the middle of the bread, red and brown. Sweet looking spice dusted the top of the bread, a pleasant looking roll. *Where were breads like this in the rest of Wintrel?* The kingdom, for all of its farming aptitude, still produced mediocre food in the local taverns. But this roll screamed decadence. 

“Lord Rivinwell, I hope you know the food isn’t poisoned.”

Riv looked up to see the king himself had moved directly across from him, watching him inspect the bread with a smile. “Please.” He lowered the bread back to the plate. “Riv.”

“Very well. Riv.” The king said, nodding at his request. “I too am much fonder of the shortened names these days, Temerel is such a bother to say.” He smiled again. “I appreciate your presence at tonight’s feast.”

“Don’t appreciate it too much, I haven’t yet told you why I’m actually here. You might find yourself disappointed by the details.” 

Tem raised an eyebrow, prompting Riv to continue but he instead turned away and picked the bread back up, starting to pick at it. “Pulse,” Tem spoke amusedly, “is a place that I find breeds the most *interesting* of people.”

“I could say the same for the rest of the world.” Riv grunted, mouthful of bread, glancing around the hall. “But an existence without magin doesn’t sound too interesting to me.”

“You’ll have to excuse the rest of the world for our dullness then, a malady we’ve learned to live with.” The king seemed to have a permanent smirk. “If not the invitation to my kingdom, what has pulled you to the edge of the world to sit at my table?”

“There was a blacksmith,” Riv began, “who had the finest tools and the finest of hands. A master at her trade. She would forge blades and thrones for kings, a gift she possessed like no other to form such alloys and metals into weapons of divinity. She was an artist of force.”