---
metaData: metaData
tags: "Barnib Leon-The-Scholar"
---

Barnib sat in the low light of his study, the shadows cast off his stacks of books and ink bottles barely creating enough illuminated space for his scrawling on the stacked pages in front of him. It was too late to still suffer through such things, why had he been cursed with such responsibilities as these? And yet he wrote with earnestness despite his predicament for he was one of few who could write such texts, one of the few with the familiarity of these ideas. Had the gods damned him with such knowledge? What blessing created such debilitating fatigue? An overworked field hand would feel more mental stability, a higher sense of peace of mind he assured himself.

Of course Barnib never so much as held a farming tool in his smooth uncalloused hands, but the weight of this pressure was extreme and it made him feel validated to assume he had been worked harder. It gave him rightful cause to the way he was feeling. 

Oh such pressure! Such overwhelming pressure.. and he spent his time ruminating over this situation instead of focusing on his works. He needed to focus. His hand wasn’t moving, it wasn’t writing. Why couldn’t he write anymore? Why couldn’t he spill out words into the page like before? Was this his limit? Would his downfall be a mental block? He threw the pen away in frustration, in the cramped space it ended up moving only to the other side of the littered desk. He held his face in his hands not caring the ink residue was staining his cheeks. What would become of him in the days that followed? He would exist only as a failure through text and tongue. 

He sat for a moment, his mind silent, his burst of emotion subsided, he lowered his hands from his face to see he had toppled over a jar of ink onto his works he was writing, the heavy ink already seeping through the thick paged book. 

There was a moment of panic but he felt frozen and helpless throughout it. Why couldn’t he move? He sat and watched the ink soak deeper into the parchment, words being submerged and lost. In that moment he convinced himself this is what he deserved after all. With mere hours left the only hope that was left died in the blacked out pages of that book. 

The soft light from the few too little candles he had danced across his little cubby, he noticed it now, not entranced by his works any longer. He stared at how the flames licked and played at the wicks of the small candles, such power within flame, yet given so little room to utilize its potential. 

What a fool he was, locked in this little room. What prodigies and prophetic skill has he squandered in such places? He could’ve been something. Now no longer. His chances gone like the passages beneath him, drowned by their own essence.

He was never a particularly religious individual but he knew of the Gods in theory. He had translated many works detailing the histories, the theocracies, the words that the Gods themselves had spoken into being throughout humankind. Supposedly.

Nevertheless he put his skeptical mind aside, tucking his hands under his shoulders. He felt uncomfortable but he knew it was the common prayer position, it symbolized death, for what are we to the Gods but nothing? They are the ones who grant life.
He reached out, honestly, begging for someone to heed his calls. He recalled reciting passages of Leon The Scholar, the God of wisdom and knowledge, he reached out to him hoping some empathy could be felt from a deity in his own sect. He prayed and prayed, for everything, if not for direct help, for hope instead. 

He didn’t know what to expect. Should something happen? Should he continue this until something does? Or should he trust that his prayers have been heard and answered? He lowered his hands, resting them on the desk. Nothing felt different. If anything he felt embarrassed at himself he was pushed to such lengths. To call upon a God? How foolish was he. He deserved the pain that was wrought upon him this night surely. No rightly scholar would read arguments from a such a gullible dunce. 

He sighed and began cleaning up his mess. He righted the ink bottle and lifted up the dripping book. A blank page slipped out of the wet mess and fluttered down to the tabletop where the dark liquid was pooled. It settled on the ink, some seeping through to the surface of the page creating patterns. Words! As the parchment sat soaking it seemed like words drew themselves onto the page. Barnib threw aside his ruined book and stared as a question started to form itself onto the page.

*’Do you accept my service?’*

It was vague and ominous to him in that moment. Surely this was the work of Leon, it had to be. Only he would present himself in this way. Why did it sound like there was a cost? A price to be paid? How would he even ask? He looked around his station frantically, where did the pen go? He found it lodged in between two books, pulling it out he dipped the pen quickly and scribbled in his question underneath. 

*’What cost?’*

He pulled back and waited. Waiting to see that magical ink seep through into words. He did not see it. Nothing happened. He frowned. Maybe he was too bold, questioning a God before him. He thought over it a moment, then scribbled *’Yes.’* under his last message.

The page sank into the ink under it coating the entire surface in pure black, vanishing the words that were written. The paper sat for a moment, dark and still. Barnib sat amazed and terrified. Ink started to seep *out* of and *away* from the parchment creating words in the white of the page, with the absence of ink. 

*’Your price has been paid’* 

Another line slowly appeared.

*’Set your book here’*

Without time to think he snatched the book up from the floor, the metallic liquid pouring out from it, and plopped it over the page, book closed. Like before the book seemed to sink into the ink becoming fully absorbed and dark. He hadn't noticed the candles dimming before this moment but he did now as the lights were startlingly snuffed out. He reached out in the darkness looking for his lighting stick, hands touching the surface of the clutter for what felt like hours. He had to see! This was not the time. 

He finally found it, realizing his hand was shaking when striking the stick on the candle holder, creating a small light. Within moments he relit the candles to see his book finished. It was written. It was beautiful. It was every thought he had, every thought he didn’t, worked into seamless and beautiful flow. It reminded him of the texts in the great libraries, the holy ones that people revered for their simplicity and grace with the snap of intricate wisdom in their bindings. What cost had he incurred for something so celestial to be under his name? The thoughts pained him, he felt fear creep upon him as he hoisted his plagiarized book into his hands, the dim light playing upon the cover’s surface. The words of a God. 

His words.