---

metaData: metaData

tags: "Riv King-Tem"

---

Tem stopped along the road to observe a sign for a leather workers shop, inside its windows you could see mannequins dressed with various types of armor. He looked back down the street a ways to see that his guard was still following from a distance, they weren’t in as ridiculous of a costume by comparison, they fit in with the crowd well even with the sword at their side.They shared a nod and Tem lethargically moved away from the storefront feigning disinterest, continuing again down the street. He had to admit something to himself before hiking down from the palace, his kingdom wasn’t always the safest place to be in recent times. He could feel an anxiety in the air as he walked through it, like a glass at the edge of the table, he felt like something was moments away from shattering. 

Riv had spoken about those things hadn’t he? Had the Divide failed so soon? 

Someone bumped into the side of the king throwing him off balance, he stumbled but didn’t fall. By the time he composed himself and looked for the person they were lost in the crowds. He pulled his hood back up and continued on, a little more wary of his surroundings. Making a scene would be highly unfortunate. He kept his head forward, looking around and acting suspicious makes you suspicious. 

He turned into an alley and found an unlabeled iron door. He looked back to the entrance of the alley that he had walked in from seeing his guard lean against the wall there, hat down over his eyes. Tem turned back to the door, and reached to knock. His heartbeat quickened, and he found himself sweating. Thump. Tem pulled his hand away from the door, he hadn’t yet knocked. He looked to the alley entrance, his guard slumped over on the ground, blood spilling over the polished stones from a knife in his neck. Tem reached for the door handle, throwing the door open, and hurrying inside.