---

metaData: metaData

tags: "Riv King-Tem"

---

Riv pulled another one of the bone plates holding the swirly colorful bread closer to him after finishing his first small loaf. “At dusk one night the blacksmith received word that her own daughter was trapped in the kingdom’s castle. Her daughter, you see, had made friends with the little prince, a devious and malicious little boy. He locked her in a dungeon room and had thrown away the key. When our smith got to the keep she found what she had feared most, that the message was true. Her precious daughter locked away behind a mountain of steel, one as fate would have it, that she herself had forged.” Riv pointed at the king with a tear of bread in his hand, “I know you aren’t a father Tem, but surely you understand that no storm could come between you and your own child.”

Tem nodded, “Of course.”

“And in our story so did the king, protecting his son.” 

    

The king for the first time dropped his smile and frowned in understanding frustration.  

“The king forbade anyone from interfering with the cell except the blacksmith herself. He didn’t want it getting out that his son, heir to the throne, was a little demon. He couldn’t usurp him before he had even hit manhood. So our smith worked to save her own. She used hammers, axes, swords, bent-steel rods all to no avail. Her craftsmanship of a dungeon chamber was simply too fine. There was one flaw in her design though, the lock on the door itself, the only piece she didn’t make. She was no locksmith, so she had to use caution. If she were to break and jam the lock her child would die in that room, dungeon cell sealed forever. The smith started work on lockpicks but this was one area she had never delved into with her profession. She created works on a large scale, built to destroy, made to last, not flimsy picks. And flimsy they were, they all broke upon entering the keyhole. This was a powerful lock my friend, one imbued with magin. Simple steel was destroyed, the key must have been made from a powerful alloy.” 

    

Riv waved down a passing servant and pointed at the bit of remaining bread he had left, and nodded with a smile. He turned back to Tem, “But she was a master. She herself owned a legendary dark alloy blade, Tendril was its name. And in her resolve to save her own child she destroyed the sword.”