---
metaData: metaData
tags: "Riv King-Tem Pulse Divide"
---

The feast was wonderful. A long banquet table piled with a vast assortment of trays and plates of the province’s finest food and drink filled the hall. Servants passing through doorways set into the long side of the room were taking empty plates and replacing them with full ones, extravagant meals piled high. A seemingly endless array to choose from, breathtaking. The hall itself wasn’t the grandest but it bore subtleties of luxury, the colored tapestries made of fine silks, the table itself was Gnawood, even the plates were shaped and polished from silvear bones.

Riv poked at a baked pheasant with his fork idly as he watched the flow of the room, working like a well oiled machine. Even the fork was intricately cut silvear bone, he twirled it in his fingers and went for another bite. The bird was delicious by way of standards of course but it was coated in rich sauces and spices that he couldn’t quite stomach, he tried washing away the taste with a few sips of ale. He moved that plate aside and opted for one with a colorful looking bread. A servant swept up his discarded dish only moments after pushing it away. 

He could hear the king talking across the table a few seats over to a group of what looked like merchant leaders. The tradesmasters always donned those bright colored vests and chains, some fashion he didn’t understand. Why make things complicated? He could hear mentions of trade routes to Paranel but he didn’t care enough to hold focus to it. That’s not why he was here. He would wait.

He tore a piece off the loaf, inspecting the colors that swirled through the middle of the bread, red and brown. Sweet looking spice dusted the top of the bread, a pleasant looking roll. *Where were breads like this in the rest of Wintrel?* The kingdom, for all of its farming aptitude, still produced mediocre food in the local taverns. But this roll screamed decadence. 

“Lord Rivinwell, I hope you know the food isn’t poisoned.”

Riv looked up to see the king himself had moved directly across from him, watching him inspect the bread with a smile. “Please.” He lowered the bread back to the plate. “Riv.”

“Very well. Riv.” The king said, nodding at his request. “I too am much fonder of the shortened names these days, Temerel is such a bother to say.” He smiled again. “I appreciate your presence at tonight’s feast.”

“Don’t appreciate it too much, I haven’t yet told you why I’m actually here. You might find yourself disappointed by the details.” 

Tem raised an eyebrow, prompting Riv to continue but he instead turned away and picked the bread back up, starting to pick at it. “Pulse,” Tem spoke amusedly, “is a place that I find breeds the most *interesting* of people.”

“I could say the same for the rest of the world.” Riv grunted, mouthful of bread, glancing around the hall. “But an existence without magin doesn’t sound too interesting to me.”

“You’ll have to excuse the rest of the world for our dullness then, a malady we’ve learned to live with.” The king seemed to have a permanent smirk. “If not the invitation to my kingdom, what has pulled you to the edge of the world to sit at my table?”

“There was a blacksmith,” Riv began, “who had the finest tools and the finest of hands. A master at her trade. She would forge blades and thrones for kings, a gift she possessed like no other to form such alloys and metals into weapons of divinity. She was an artist of force.”
Riv pulled another one of the bone plates holding the swirly colorful bread closer to him after finishing his first small loaf. “At dusk one night the blacksmith received word that her own daughter was trapped in the kingdom’s castle. Her daughter, you see, had made friends with the little prince, a devious and malicious little boy. He locked her in a dungeon room and had thrown away the key. When our smith got to the keep she found what she had feared most, that the message was true. Her precious daughter locked away behind a mountain of steel, one as fate would have it, that she herself had forged.” Riv pointed at the king with a tear of bread in his hand, “I know you aren’t a father Tem, but surely you understand that no storm could come between you and your own child.”

Tem nodded, “Of course.”

“And in our story so did the king, protecting his son.” 

    

The king for the first time dropped his smile and frowned in understanding frustration.  

“The king forbade anyone from interfering with the cell except the blacksmith herself. He didn’t want it getting out that his son, heir to the throne, was a little demon. He couldn’t usurp him before he had even hit manhood. So our smith worked to save her own. She used hammers, axes, swords, bent-steel rods all to no avail. Her craftsmanship of a dungeon chamber was simply too fine. There was one flaw in her design though, the lock on the door itself, the only piece she didn’t make. She was no locksmith, so she had to use caution. If she were to break and jam the lock her child would die in that room, dungeon cell sealed forever. The smith started work on lockpicks but this was one area she had never delved into with her profession. She created works on a large scale, built to destroy, made to last, not flimsy picks. And flimsy they were, they all broke upon entering the keyhole. This was a powerful lock my friend, one imbued with magin. Simple steel was destroyed, the key must have been made from a powerful alloy.” 

    

Riv waved down a passing servant and pointed at the bit of remaining bread he had left, and nodded with a smile. He turned back to Tem, “But she was a master. She herself owned a legendary dark alloy blade, Tendril was its name. And in her resolve to save her own child she destroyed the sword.”
The king seemed confused, his brow furrowed. “I.. don’t understand..  destroying dark alloy? Is that not an impossible feat?”

“Passion leads us to do impossible things, Tem. When only an impossibility stands in your way of what you desire most, it’s merely a step away.” Riv had found a small dish of orange butter and was now spreading it on a slice with a bone knife. “She split Tendril into two equal halves. The Heart of Tendril and The Soul of Tendril. The new swords were thin enough such that they could enter in the keyhole of the enormous cell door. One blade to put pressure on the turning mechanism, another to push up the pins.”

A servant delivered two fresh plates of the swirled red bread in front of Riv which he accepted graciously, slathering one of the loaves with the orange butter. “Our blacksmith opened the door.” Riv’s eyes met the king’s. “And she found her daughter already dead. The boy had murdered her daughter and in a desperate attempt to cover his wrong doing had locked her body in the cell, a room he thought no one would be able to open.” He continued to eat his bread in silence, signaling the end to the story.

The king took a moment to consider what he had been told. If he had any questions about the epilogue of this story he did not ask them, he understood that nothing would have happened to the little prince. “Is that story real?”

Riv shrugged, “Is it?” He glared back. 

The king met his eyes. He spoke softly,  “Do you know of what is to come Lord Rivinwell?”

“...Yes. This kingdom, *your* kingdom, as defensible as it is, is already dead at the heart, no matter the tools you employ.”

Tem sighed, “So then I must ask again, why have you come?”

“The contract of the Divide is weakening and I understand the burden you carry and the sacrifice you gave to the world but the world is changing King Temerel and I cannot save you from it.” Riv stood, resting his palms on the table. “But I will try.”