---
metaData: metaData
tags: "Pavel Riv"
---

The pub was filled with motion, crowds of drunken people yelling and hollering over one another in celebration of some sort. Riv sat off to the side and watched. With rural cities like this the festivities usually seemed so meaningless to him, what new field had they bore fruit from this season? He really didn’t care. Back home in Tivin he could remember his father taking him and his family to a feast after their King had conquered the neighboring province, he remembered the bonfires and how they welcomed the soldiers back home victorious. That’s what celebration looked like. 

He took another sip of his drink as he watched a man spin and fall to the ground after trying to impress a barmaid. These people were content with their little lives at least, for now. He liked Wintrel though, the people here were simple and the nation was generally free of conflict. The layout of the kingdom’s city was fortified and powerful, despite their weakness as a nation he knew the strategic defense they had repelled attackers thus far. He might stay a little longer, he needed a break. He absently broke off another piece of stale bread to chew on. For a nation that grew wheat it was pathetic for this tavern to serve anything besides the freshest of fare, he dropped the bread back in the small basket and pushed it away from him. He would have to find another place to set up and drink. 

A small man weaseled his way through the crowd and entered in Riv’s little nook where he sat. The man was clearly poor, his ragged clothing and unwashed face and hair stood out even in the dim smothered light of the pub. “Are you done with that bread sir?” He had his hands behind his back in a very servantly posture. 

This man clearly didn’t work here and was apparently resigning himself to taking unwanted food from others instead of paying. Riv leaned forward and pushed the bread basket towards him without a word. With no hesitation the man dove into the basket and shoved the stale bread in his mouth, chewing and swallowing chunks with barely a breath in between. This man was starved. Riv moved himself over along the bench he sat and motioned to the space to sit, “Please, if you’re gonna eat like that.”

The hungry man stared at Riv for a moment like a caught rat, contemplating something. Maybe no one had shown this man any kindness for a while. He sat down hesitantly, continuing to eat the bread, only slowing down enough to get seated properly. He glanced back at Riv occasionally while he ate and dug more pieces of bread out of the basket. There wasn’t much space between them on the large bar seat, close enough that he could smell the grime off of the man’s clothes. Riv grimaced but remained where he was. “What’s your name stranger?” Riv had to speak loudly over the noise of the room.

Taking a moment to swallow the last piece the man turned and reached out a dirt stained hand, the tips of fingernails dark with filth. “The name’s Pavel.”

Riv was happy for once that he was wearing gloves. Before Riv could shake the man’s hand Pavel instead pointed at Riv’s drink, “You mind?” He cleared his throat, his shallow attempt at showing how parched he was. 

“Uh, go for it kid.” Riv slid the drink over to him. It only took a few seconds for Pavel to gulp the whole thing down. “So, whe-”

Before Riv could finish asking anything Pavel stood up and patted his coat, a smile across his face. “Thank you for the meal sir but I best be on my way.” He turned to leave but stood a moment, the crowd shifting in front of him. He glanced back and then shuffled forward, lost in the sea of people.
Riv couldn’t help but chuckle at the interaction, the man took advantage of him and his generosity but he didn’t mind. If someone was that desperate for food then so be it. It was the boldness of the fellow that stood out to him. He leaned back in his chair again going back to watch the groups shout and raise glasses to celebrate. You would think a province that focuses on food would be able to feed their own. Another disappointment. He caught the attention of a passing barmaid and she scuttled over. “Another ale please.” He dug around in his pocket for his money pouch. 

He couldn’t find it. 

He switched pockets, searching through all, patting his coat. He didn’t have it. He slammed the table startling the barmaid, she winced. He stood up, face red, scanning the crowd, the thief would be gone by now surely. He slammed the table again out of anger and went off into the night, resolute to find the thief named Pavel.