---
metaData: metaData
tags: "Ryn Holdout"
---

Ryn walked down a hallway of white marble, lined with doors passing left and right. The heavy stone doors and what lied beyond them did not intrigue her, she was there for what sat at the end of the too-square hallway that seemed to run down into infinity. She didn’t know what it was that sat at the end, merely that she needed it. Drawn to it, instinctively, like bugs to a light shining in the dark. She could feel the pressure of it on her mind, pulling. 

Something else. She felt pushing. 

Pushing was what it felt like at first but that wasn’t quite right. Something pressed on her mind, just as she was being drawn to the end of the hallway something else was being drawn to her. She hastened her step. The pressure rose. Faster, she ran down the hallway but it seemed to never end, doors flying by at her sides, everything became a rush. At some point she noticed the hallway turned from white to deep black, fading into darkness and void, the doors had become eyes, watching her as she pushed forward to the end, somehow faster and now slower than she ever had felt before. The more energy she tried to exert the heavier she felt. The eyes stared into her, pierced her. They knew. They knew what she was. What she was really running from. She didn’t want to know, she had pushed it away for a reason. She wanted to be at the end, to escape their soul wrenching gaze. As she neared the end of the hallway she felt the pressure mounting on her mind from behind. It was close. The eyes shifted, looking at whatever it was behind her, she watched their gaze slowly shift closer and closer to her until — 

Ryn awoke with a jump. Propping herself up on her elbows she took a minute to just breathe and reorient herself with the world. Her dreams had been rough. Nightmares seemed to come freely for her recently but she reasoned that out as fair, her last few days had been some of the most stressful and depressing of her life. Constant fear and uncertainty of plunging into the unknown. The mind was resilient but still needed rest from these things — waking rest — lest it continue forward under the assumption it was still in danger even in unconsciousness. Surely that was why she was having these dreams, why she’d felt eyes on her, heard voices. Paranoia plain and simple. An exhausted mind. 

She shook the dream off by getting up and surveying the immediate area around her hiding spot. She felt clumsy though as she did it, groggy from sleep, but she was still careful and deliberate. She still wasn’t very far away from the walls of the supposed Holdout. Not close enough to be in danger of being heard but enough away to feel like you could pinch someone between your fingers if you closed one eye like she used to do as a kid. If she could see them though, then they could see her. Better to be careful. She also didn’t know how well they patrolled the gnarled expanse that sprawled out before the Holdout, maybe it was only a matter of time before they did and she was found. Fortunately it was well overgrown everywhere out this far, the wild brush was her savior for once instead of her obstacle. 

Confident she hadn’t been discovered or exposed she got to work. There was plenty to do now that she had discovered this place but she started with rolling up her bed roll. Instincts she didn’t really consider that were instilled into her from a young age. She liked things being in order, packed, ready to go if you needed them. The feeling of needing something like a plate only to find it hadn’t been washed was among the most aggravating feelings to her, so she packed knowing wherever she would end up once the sun disappeared she’d be ready for it, or at least her bed would be.

She took the leather food pouch out of her pack, looking inside she saw the stale bread rations she had were almost gone. A piece and a half remained. She frowned and tied the bag closed again. She had a time limit out here and it was dwindling. If she wanted to see what this place was about she would need more food, more time. And energy. She untied the little pouch and took out the smaller piece before closing it again. Starving herself when she needed focus the most wasn’t an option. 

Ryn was smart in that fashion, she was generally very keen about herself, in tune with her body and mind, understanding *how* she felt physically and mentally about things, but most importantly *why* she felt that way. A rare trait for someone in her position. A flash of a dream memory in her mind, a scene of eyes watching her, seeing through her. She popped the hardened bread piece in her mouth, pushing away the image. 

Now that it was day, she finally was able to get a good look at the supposed Holdout. As she saw the night before it sported a wooden palisade wall running around the perimeter of the camp, high enough walls to not peek over them from afar – especially as this area was lacking in varied topography – but not high enough obviously to obscure the trails of smoke rising from within. She knew people were here, this wasn’t a surprise, she came here because of a firepit someone had lit that very same night. But even still, seeing so many signs of life caused her heart to leap. She steadied herself though, no jumping to conclusions. Keep looking for information. No banners or flags flew, no signs hung above or near the gate. The firepit out front had smoldered out, from where she was sitting she could barely see the trail of smoke left behind. Strange. They clearly light a fire for some reason, presumably with the intent to welcome, yet no flags are raised to indicate that. She cringed at herself, foolish again, they might just be using it as a beacon for their own soldiers traveling through the thickets after they raid and pick off stragglers or escapees from the Citadel. Like herself. For all she knew the Citadel had camps out this far. That thought made her heart sink a bit. How unprepared for the world she really felt. Without any information she couldn’t start letting herself assume things. 

That’s the danger about assumptions, the gambit. Even if you *think* you know what the worst case scenario could ever be, life always has a way of surprising you. 

Alright, so how to find more information. Ryn could wait here until someone eventually leaves but she started to consider her time precious now that her food supply was running dangerously low. Washing down the crusted bread piece with equally stale water was testament to that. Also how could she know someone would ever leave? She had to consider the possibility of this being a place she had to walk away from. If she spent her entire supply of food sitting around waiting then her chance of survival was low when she left out in search of someplace else.

She could definitely walk around the perimeter of the camp but she felt she’d see nothing but pillared wall running all the way around, though it would be nice to see the scale of the place, it wasn’t worth the time investment. The most straightforward answer was finding a way to peek over the walls. That was tricky. The palisades were basically whole trunks from the trees in the surrounding area and the Holdout did not waste very much of the height on them to build their walls. It was clear they probably specifically chose the taller trees to cut down for the walls anyway. She couldn’t risk climbing the wall itself either. While it sounded obvious enough she already doubted she could climb one of the nearby trees as it was, and they had branches. Not to mention the trees afforded an added security measure of being further away if she was compromised, not right next to the wall ready to be captured or killed. She settled for a moment, watching the Hideout walls, thinking. 

Over the next half hour Ryn had decided on two different approaches. The first was to wait until dark when she could bet on someone lighting the fire in front of the gate again. She’d have to get closer which was a risk, and also wouldn’t net that much information. A weak strategy but based on the only thing she knew about this place, its firepit. Her second idea was more daring: lay a trap, send a message, bait them into opening that door but from a safe distance away. Somehow. With more and more desperation starting to build up inside of her she was nearing the point where she could see herself just walking up to the gate and knocking, begging for help. She could see the warm beds in her mind, fresh bread, and company. Just as easily the logical side of her saw weapons pointed at her, chains, torture. Death. Fortunately she wasn’t quite that desperate yet. Ryn was committed to her plans, she just needed to use the most precious resource she had to polish and execute them. Time.

Hopefully when she finally walked up to that gate and knocked it was because she was confident she wanted to be there.