---

metaData: metaData

tags: ""

---

*There were many pivotal moments in our discoveries, but one serves as a particularly haunting point of exposition. We saw something we weren’t supposed to. That deep uncontrollable feeling of dread still never leaves me, seeing those EYES stare back at me on the screen. Those unknown and incomprehensible eyes. I’ve gone through periods in my life where I’ve tried my best to forget those eyes, to banish them completely from my mind. I couldn’t live another day seeing them pierce and cut through my consciousness as if it were embossed with them. My ravenous longing to forget led me to consider even taking my own life, though thankfully in the end it was just drugs and other devices I chose as weapons in the war to destroy my mind. It was all a fruitless effort, in the end it was the eyes that remained alight at the center of my library of memories, the brilliant flame burning away my other recollections into the dust. And there were other times where I became obsessed, losing control to that scene – that imperishable image – that played forever in the forefront of my mind. Painting and etching them over and over again on my walls, yearning to recapture the essence of whatever evil that was gazing back at me and yet, even amidst my starved compulsion, still failing to do so. The frustration of such I remember feeling well. How was I able to not forget yet not fully remember? ‘Remember’ was the wrong word, though I didn’t know it at the time. The mind simply wasn’t able to understand what it was seeing at the time. It couldn’t comprehend. It was like trying to visualize a color I had never seen or rewriting a book in a language I had never known. I felt like I was doomed to live in my exasperating and rampant fanaticism without an end.*

*And it felt that way for a long while, though its grip on me has since been replaced with other horrors.*

*That day stands out from the others as the first time I felt true soul crushing fear about what we were doing. We should have stopped then.*