---
metaData: metaData
tags: "Ven Rallet Empire"
---

Ven sat on the floor of his cell, legs crossed, staring out of his little barred window. He recalled hearing that in lower society prisons they didn’t get such luxuries as windows, something about fresh air and a view gave the incarcerated too much hope. Frankly he didn’t know too much about upper society prison either, but lack of hope seemed a very vital thread the two types shared. The window for all it was worth looked out over a sheer edge to the city below, his cell carved into one of the tallest points in the Crown mountain range. Escape or not, death seemed like his only way out. Should he feel fortunate for his new high rise penthouse suite? Considering all the cells within the Empire surely this was one of the few with the best views, there were people that would kill for scenery like this to wake up to everyday. Despite the unfortunate circumstances Ven liked to live in the moment sometimes. You couldn’t always plan ahead – he’d found just recently that didn’t seem to work as well as it used to – and sometimes the answers you need aren’t in the cell you’re locked in.

Ven didn’t always play by the rules and he wasn’t always exactly a friend to the Empire's regime, but he didn’t deserve his relocation to Crown Heights either. The Empire was getting desperate to pin their failures elsewhere, and bold enough to sentence someone like himself to death publicly as a way to do so. To be honest when it came to the games of power and control in the Empire, Ven was an important player, the sort of importance and power gained from handshakes that acted as contracts and deals that never saw the light of day. Influential people always found themselves in need of help in not so public ways, he made sure of that. He had connections, he fixed problems – he also caused problems. He was good at it. He used to think that he was smarter than the other low life thieves because he chose to deal with more powerful people, but all that earned him was a window in his cell.

Whatever the Empire’s motive was didn’t matter much to Ven right now, he had mere days before his very public death sentence would be carried out. He had run himself in circles already going over how this could’ve happened, he had wasted a half day already cursing the judge who sentenced him. Who reneges on a promise of a not guilty verdict when the life of your daughter is on the line? Nothing made sense, not from in here anyway, he needed eyes and ears outside these walls. He just needed to find a way to have that. 

Sitting for a while, staring out his luxury hole in the wall, a simple idea started to form. He stood up, walked to the bars, and called for the guard. He only had to wait a moment for the armored prison attendant to saunter up to his cell looking annoyed. Room service was always speedy in the Heights. 

Ven cleared his throat, putting on his most polite tone. “I have need of some parchment and a quill if you’d please, I’d like to write a letter.”

“No.” The guard said sternly. “You’re not to have anything, Rallet.”

Unfortunately room service wasn’t very accommodating. “Listen, as a favor it’d mean a lot.” Ven said, leaning in, his voice softening. “I just want to send a letter to my betrothed, my final words. I can’t have visitors or anything.. I’ll never even see her again. I just.. wanted to say goodbye.”

The guard stared unimpressed at Ven.

Ven sighed. “You can even send it AFTER I’m dead! Just please don’t read it, I’m sure we’d both hate you reading my final goodbyes to her. As a final favor to a walking dead man, please.” Ven looked down, head against the bars. “It’s the only thing I ask.”

The guard seemed to actually consider him this time, thinking – you could practically hear the rusty cogs turning – and after a moment a grin formed on the man’s rough face. The opportunity clicked. “Sure Rallet, I’ll get you your supplies,” he said, “we’ll send that letter for ya, get it to your girl.” The guard jogged away with energy he hadn’t seen from the man in the few days since he’d been here.

Ven sighed with relief as the guard left and sat down again with his back against the bars, what an idiot. He was surprised it took that long for the guard to take the bait, he thought the Empire trained its wardens better than that. Guess not. The guard obviously knows he’s lying, or suspects it, but no matter what Ven said or wrote the keepers here at the Heights would never send his letter, they’d scan it and code break it for years if that’s what it took to find any associates of his to convict. Any information Ven could give them is a win for them and a loss for him. He had to practically spell that out for the moron. 

It didn’t take him long to get his writing tools. The guard flashed his toothy grin as he handed them over, probably thinking about his potential promotion already. Imbecile. Ven made a show of almost bowing over himself to thank him for the favor however, stroking the man’s brilliant ego even more. Immediately he got to work writing his letter on the floor of his cell. The Empire wanted to decipher his letter? He’d give them a chase. Unfortunately for them this was in Ven’s line of work, he was paid to code and decode messages, he played the information game. He knew how to make messages look fishy, he’d have to trail enough bait with this message to clearly get their attention. He’d write a roughly innocuous love letter layered with a transposition cipher that keyed into another more difficult polygraphic cipher. He’d try his best to make the deepest hidden message seem like a key to another but have it be a loose end. With any luck this letter would buy him some time, they might want to keep him alive if they find what the hidden messages allude to. He’d write about an impending upheaval of the Empire, a rebellion built with a solid foundation of inside players. Fiction, but fanciful fiction. But that was not the point of all this, this was a bonus, a coverup. 

It took him hours to create that masterwork, he worked through the night, but he had no time to be too proud of himself, he had to write another letter. A simpler one. This time Ven used a gentle hand when it came to his hidden message, it practically didn’t have one at all. He had to just hope this letter was able to get itself to the person it needed to get to, they’d know what to do. So with careful and brief instructions the letter was written. He gave it a once look over and started to fold it. As a child he had learned how to send letters like this in secret, a few local syndicate kids in his neighborhood used the same method to communicate with each other over rooftops for drug deals and trade interception. Crafty tricksters. Ven had begged one of them to learn so he could send his childhood crush next door little love letters. He remembered her as he folded the page, how impressed she was that he could make a letter fly. He finished up, creasing the edges on his little winged letter and threw it out of his cell window, hoping it would find the person it was supposed to.