Cera watched in horror as the flames spread out from the torch and crawled out along the dry wooden planks of the wagon floor. She yelped and pressed her back against the wall, her head and bound wrists thudding against the hard surface. She had to get out of this stupid miserable little box otherwise she would die here, but how? Her wrists and ankles were bound and she had little time left before this cage and her within it would be reduced to smoldering ash, she didn’t have time to get through the thick hardwooded wall of the wagon. But she had to do something. She glanced to her left, seeing the jagged hole left by the axe. It was only slightly bigger than her head, she would never fit through. Though the more she looked at it, those sharp and splintered edges left from the axeblade might allow her to cut her bindings free. She felt at the rope around her wrists, she couldn’t wriggle her hands out from underneath her – these knots were properly tied – if she wanted to attempt to free herself she’d have to leverage her hands above the boards awkwardly behind her. 

What would happen if this even worked? Even if she freed her hands, even her feet after that, what could she do when this entire wagon was engulfed with flames? *Don’t think about that, focus on this.*

Cera shuffled over to the window and peered out seeing a few figures riding away, one with a large bloodied axe resting on his back. She wouldn’t die to these thugs. She got to work once again, facing the sickeningly hot flames still spreading throughout the cabin and consuming the far wall, feasting on the wood and celebrating with roars of intensity. Her eyes burned and watered as she bent down lower towards the fire, trying her best to raise her hands up behind her to the hacked boards. She felt at the wood with her fingers, trying to feel around for a bit sharp enough. Cera had to start holding her breath as the smoke was eating up the available air. Her fingers sensed a point she felt could slice the binds so she raised up her wrists and pulled down with considerable force, the wood stabbing into her left palm instead of the rope. She exhaled sharply, too stunned to even scream. She closed her eyes, she felt her tears evaporate and steam away. 

*Be strong. Again.*

Her hand hurt with a blinding pain but she shakingly raised it above the board again, feeling the blood drip from her palm. She held her hands there, face searing from the heat of the flames. 

*If you don’t do this you will die.*

*Try.*

She pulled down as hard as she could. She felt the rope sever and her hands pulled free from the force of the motion. She backed up into the wall away from the flames, holding her hand slick with blood. The wound was pretty bad, but she couldn’t worry about it now. 

The time had come to face the true reality of the situation, she was still just a girl trapped in a box on fire.