Wrev walked over broken and buried stones, the ghost of a path that once led throughout the ancient city. The buildings barely held themselves together; dilapidated structures that only gave off a hint of their original form. The destruction of this place was immeasurable. There didn’t seem to be a single thing that wasn’t obliterated or had survived the erosion of time. Everything was caked and coated with layers of dirt and dust, and shrouded in that omniscient dark haze. Here past the Divide, everything was dark, a portion of the world dipped in eternal night. Wrev looked up to see the sun hanging above, a small gray disc in the sky. Things that gave off light didn’t push the darkness away, nor could they really penetrate that thick umbra. The stronger the source of light, only the lighter shade of gray it became, never affecting the air around itself. Nothing could unsettle the darkness. 

“Find anything?”

“Nothing yet.” Wrev called back. He looked over to see Verum’s silhouette looking off towards a particular heap of rubble. He was still surprised he could distinguish Verum from the rest of the surrounding gloom, although barely. Verum was Wrev’s shadow, in the literal sense. His shadow was sentient, its own person in a way. Wrev watched as Verum’s ghostly form swept over to another broken building, analyzing it. Despite the pervasive darkness, Verum always seemed a shade darker. 

“Another question then..” Verum said, “do you think we’re alone?”

“Doubt it.” Wrev said, absentmindedly fidgeting with a single chain link in his hand. 

“I agree..” Verum silently fell into stride behind Wrev. “This place definitely.. has been disturbed recently.. Tracks in the dust around the buildings indicate something human.. with purpose. Footprints.. from shoes. Handprints.”

“Hm.” Wrev continued walking, passing the broken structures, following that ghostly path. “I noticed a few similar tracks, feels like someone is snooping around for something, but feels like they don’t know what. I mean, why bother with anything in the city? It’s all shattered rubble.”

This city had been beautiful once, a strong capital of the world. He had known, for he had seen it. The city of wealth – of hope – with its silver arches and marbled keeps. Elrin was a painter’s dream that came to life. Looking around now, all he saw was ash and debris. 

Dreams sometimes became nightmares. 

Wrev flipped the link in his hand, thinking. “Well, what do we know? We know Elrin is too far for common folk to travel.”

“This is true.. it’s too far past the Divide.” Verum said. “If we are dealing with a person.. then it’s another who can walk.. beyond.”

Wrev looked back over his shoulder, “You implying it’s not a person?”

Verum tilted his head. “Just keeping options.. Open.” 

“Hm.” Wrev looked back forward. “We can both agree, I’m sure, that a Pulser wouldn’t be past the Divide.”

“It would be.. Unnatural.” Verum said. “But again, we are dealing with a very.. unnatural situation. No one comes here.. for good reason.”

“This is true.” Wrev said. “Regardless, we lack too much information.” Up ahead he could start to see the silhouetted outline of a massive structure through the darkness. The castle of Elrin was one of the most grand structures to ever have been built, seeing its shadowed form now crumpled and decayed was a bleak feeling. A reminder. To its credit it still mostly stood somehow, Wrev was sure that was poetic in a way he couldn’t find the words for. 

“Let’s stay on task for now,” Wrev said, “but keep an eye out. We assume we’re not alone.”