---
metaData: metaData
tags: "Ryn Holdout"
---

She took the leather food pouch out of her pack, looking inside she saw the stale bread rations she had were almost gone. A piece and a half remained. She frowned and tied the bag closed again. She had a time limit out here and it was dwindling. If she wanted to see what this place was about she would need more food, more time. And energy. She untied the little pouch and took out the smaller piece before closing it again. Starving herself when she needed focus the most wasn’t an option. 

Ryn was smart in that fashion, she was generally very keen about herself, in tune with her body and mind, understanding *how* she felt physically and mentally about things, but most importantly *why* she felt that way. A rare trait for someone in her position. A flash of a dream memory in her mind, a scene of eyes watching her, seeing through her. She popped the hardened bread piece in her mouth, pushing away the image. 

Now that it was day, she finally was able to get a good look at the supposed Holdout. As she saw the night before it sported a wooden palisade wall running around the perimeter of the camp, high enough walls to not peek over them from afar – especially as this area was lacking in varied topography – but not high enough obviously to obscure the trails of smoke rising from within. She knew people were here, this wasn’t a surprise, she came here because of a firepit someone had lit that very same night. But even still, seeing so many signs of life caused her heart to leap. She steadied herself though, no jumping to conclusions. Keep looking for information. No banners or flags flew, no signs hung above or near the gate. The firepit out front had smoldered out, from where she was sitting she could barely see the trail of smoke left behind. Strange. They clearly light a fire for some reason, presumably with the intent to welcome, yet no flags are raised to indicate that. She cringed at herself, foolish again, they might just be using it as a beacon for their own soldiers traveling through the thickets after they raid and pick off stragglers or escapees from the Citadel. Like herself. For all she knew the Citadel had camps out this far. That thought made her heart sink a bit. How unprepared for the world she really felt. Without any information she couldn’t start letting herself assume things. 

That’s the danger about assumptions, the gambit. Even if you *think* you know what the worst case scenario could ever be, life always has a way of surprising you. 

Alright, so how to find more information. Ryn could wait here until someone eventually leaves but she started to consider her time precious now that her food supply was running dangerously low. Washing down the crusted bread piece with equally stale water was testament to that. Also how could she know someone would ever leave? She had to consider the possibility of this being a place she had to walk away from. If she spent her entire supply of food sitting around waiting then her chance of survival was low when she left out in search of someplace else.