---
metaData: metaData
tags: "Aarand-Vullan Zarin Windfall Empyrean"
---

Aarand followed in line behind his escort officer down the halls of the Empyrean. He hadn’t been here long but already any notions of him being a wolf in sheep’s clothing had vanished completely. He was in over his head. He was a sheep in a wolf's den. 

He did well to conceal his awe at the overwhelming size of the ship and architecture. The ceilings reached up to heights of tall multi level buildings, the hallways were as wide as roads. The hangar he had landed in felt the size of a small town and that was one solitary room, even *that* was filled with other smaller ships of varying size and power, all of which were capable of unstoppable force. How could anyone fight against this? His people were more unprepared than he thought. Unprepared was the wrong word he realized, it insinuated there would ever be a chance for his people in a battle. How many millions of years would his people need to progress to be in the same league as this? 

Everything was larger here, but it wasn’t just that, the walls were made of colored metal, electric lights, panels and machines, doors that opened themselves for you the ship felt *alive*. He had seen a castle, he had seen cities made of wood and stone, but in comparison the memories of them felt cold and lifeless. *Weak.*

From below, the Empyrean felt like the size of a moon, and perhaps it was. It was a capital ship after all, Aarand could get a better view of it sometimes when it hung low in orbit, but size proportion and distance did him a disservice. He was never prepared for how truly large and intricate this place was. How many thousands – maybe hundreds of thousands – of people lived here on this living vessel? How many other ships were there with millions and millions more people? Aarand’s head began to swim. They turned left down a hallway marked with an orange stripe running along the lower edge of the walls.

“This is living quarters H, or LQ-H. This is gonna be your new LQ designation.” The officer had a small panel device in his hand as he talked, flipping his thumb across it. “Your room is going to be.. erm.. 406. Here.” The officer motioned for Aarand’s hand and he offered it forward hesitantly.

The officer held the small panel device forward over Aarand’s palm, a pattern of light shining across it. “What’s this for?”

The officer gave him a quizzical look, “Do things different over in Minerva huh? This is a bio sig scan. And.. there you go, you’re in the system. Your room door will know your bio sig and allow you in but no one else.”

Aarand took back his hand and looked it over, no marking or anything. Interesting. 

“I’m just inputting your sig into LQ-H.. aaand yeah, there you go, you’ll have access to all the LQ living features: cafeteria, exercise center, simulacrum training, the social area, etc. You'll just have to have a look around when you get a spare chance, I don’t have time to show you everything today, you kinda caught us by surprise.” The officer chuckled softly.

Aarand had no idea what a cafeteria or simulacrum training area was but he didn’t ask. He had to stick to only asking questions he needed the answers to. Internally he winced for asking what the ‘bio sig’ was for already. Can’t be too suspicious, though because he was allegedly from a dark sector he guessed he had some leeway on this. Aarand nodded to the officer. At least he could guess what an exercise center would be. 

They started to walk through the orange LQ area which quickly opened up the hallways into balconies that looked down upon a massive area that spread out wide and far with a rolling field covered in grass and trees. He thought he could see to the other side of the field, but by that point the trees looked tiny, almost barely noticeable. He realized what made this scene look wrong in his head was that it looked so much like the fields and forests from the planet that it was strange to see the horizon sky made of metal instead.

The officer turned back and caught Aarand’s expression looking out over the grassy expanse. “Yeah, this is the LQ park hub, connects all the LQs together. Other ships don’t have much of this, *definitely* never of this size, Zarin says he wants people to feel ‘grounded’ sometimes.”

And indeed across the park Aarand could just barely see the other little lines indicating balconies in the distance, stacked high and brightly colored like his own. “I’m getting the feeling Zarin isn’t the usual captain.”

The officer chuckled, “If you couldn’t tell already, yeah. They say he’s a little bit more involved than the other ships’ captains too, maybe somewhat eccentric in his own way.” He looked back over his shoulder, “Most captains wouldn’t meet with a recruit anyway.”

Aarand didn’t think about it at the time, but he supposed it was strange for a king to meet with a new resident or villager. At least that’s what it equated to in his eyes. Interesting. They passed a few people as they walked, all different colored jumpsuits but they all wore a stripe of orange on their sleeve. Aarand guessed your jumpsuit color was your profession or position and the stripe color meant where you stayed or lived. A very visual way to place people aboard a working vessel. He looked down at his bright blue jumpsuit, unfitted and loose. He hadn’t seen another person with this on, must be recruit clothing. 

He received a few glances and stares from the LQ-H residents, most likely looking at his colors. The looks he caught didn’t seem filled with judging or prejudice, just mostly curiosity. He was the new neighbor after all. They took an elevator up a few floors and took a couple turns to a smaller hallway, a little more square looking. Residential. 

After passing by a few doors the officer stopped. “Room 406, all yours buddy.”  The officer knocked on the door and it slid open. “And don’t worry, after I leave the door won’t unlock for me, anymore.” He grinned. “Care to have a look?” 

Aarand nodded and walked in, the room size matched that of everything else aboard this vessel, internally this was the size of an upper class house in Windfall. It had several rooms and doorways within it, though he just stood in the main entry area, looking around. So many machines and lights integrated within even the rooms of those who lived here. Always surrounded and enveloped by artificial life.

“You have all the amenities you’d expect, plus a few extra courtesy of the Empyrean standards.” The officer said, looking at something on his hand panel. “Your personal room panel should be set up with your new login credentials, so that should take care of everything else, including schedule.” He looked up, “Any questions?”

“Zarin told me I had to give him a report through my station officer. Is that a.. local data report or do I send that to you via panel?”

“Ah, alright, well,” the officer chuckled, “I’m not your station officer, just a supervisor officer for recruitment affairs and communications. I’m officer Erat by the way, you’ll be dealing with…” Erat swiped his thumb across his panel for a few seconds, clicking his tongue while he did so. “Oh. Officer Beren.” The officer raised his eyebrows, “So good luck with that. You should be able to send the report via panel though if it’s important you might be able to catch Beren in the admin section of LQ-H. She’s going to be your liaison to anything above your station like Zarin.”

“Is Beren tough?”

“Listen, if you ever want a LQ change or anything..” Erat chuckled again. “Just.. *good luck*, and when you inevitably meet her, use your ‘sirs’. She’s not as lax like Zarin is in that regard.”

“Noted.. thank you. I’m no stranger to the odd authoritarian. I kind of expected more of that here to be honest. The Empyrean is just such a legendary ship, figured it was run a bit more… mechanically.”

“I hear the culture here is a little different than other places, try not to let our good nature bother you too much.” Erat chuckled again.

“One last question and I’ll let you go.” Aarand said, smiling.

Erat looked up from his hand panel, “And what’s that?”

“Where do I get some food around here?”

“Cafeteria is on floor three for each LQ, you can order via panel to your room or in person and eat there, up to you.” He smiled, “Catch you around Vullan, and good luck here on the Empyrean.” With that Erat left the room, the door sliding into place after him.

Aarand stood in place for a bit in his own luxurious room. He did it. Part of him was relieved, part of him was even more panicked and anxious. It’s not that easy right? It can’t be that easy to infiltrate a capital ship disguised as a recruit? But apparently it was. He was part of the crew. Somewhat. Now all he needed to do was fabricate confidential military details about a rogue sector he had never been to to keep up his appearance while figuring out a way to take down the Empyrean capital ship to end hundreds of years of tyranny for his people who lived down below. 

But first, food.