Perin felt comfortable past the Divide, free. A liberated part of the world which held no direct contempt for him anymore. His new life was strange by all measures, but it felt right. He was somebody now. He made changes in the world. He was *important.*

He prowled through the darkness, his little notebook held out in front of him. Light behaved differently here, so when the red ink on the top of the page glowed, it instead grayed itself out. It was light enough to see compared to the thick shadow around it, but still dull compared to what it would look like on the other side, a gleaming crimson. 

A gray line was forming from the bottom of the page as he walked, inking itself upward towards the dot. An interactive map of sorts. Interesting that the dot at the top did not turn into a line itself, moving around the page. He was hunting a person, not a place. What would a pulser be doing past the Divide this long?

“Hey, next time how about we do this on a real map, you know, with pictures?”

The word *‘Ungrateful’* slowly formed on the other open page. 

“I’m sorry, I didn’t realize *I* was the one being ungrateful, when’s the last time *I* heard a ‘thank you Perin’?”

No words formed. Perin smiled. It was amazing how easy it was to get under the skin of a god. How human they felt. 

“It’s okay, I forgive you, I’m sure you’re just nervous to be around someone so divine.” Perin said. “Maybe draw some symbols next time, you know, for scale. With how long I’ve been walking you’d think I’d be going to Elrin.”

*’Limited.’*

Perin hummed as a response. The god’s limitations were profound, hence the need for Perin’s *involvement*, but it was still baffling to him. Every action the god did or didn’t take only made Perin’s mental image of that limiting line blurrier. Sometimes he was sure the god preferred it that way. 

“It’s okay, I knew a lad who was limited, he drew pictures just fine. Maybe that’s the key to artistry my friend, just stand behind a horse like he did.”