---
metaData: metaData
tags: "Wendel"
---

The sun was hot today. Wendel’s skin burned, the dry heat felt like it was searing him, a slow roast. As he walked he wondered how he would taste should he be prepared as a meal. If he was to die today anyway, which considering the scorching blaze the sun was throwing out, was indeed possible, would he be as delicious as a steak was? Could a chef work with what he had to offer? He raised up his hands, blistering in the heat, and took a look at himself. He wasn’t plump and he was sure his skin weighed more than his muscle did, he didn’t know much about butchery or animal breeders, but he knew the fat ones tasted the best, more value on those bones. Maybe he would taste like a cheap cut of meat, the ones only desperate and poor folk like himself would be willing to buy just to get even a taste of something special, something other than grain and mash. The kind that you weren’t sure if the cook just picked up off the road, some curious vermin who got a little too close to society’s bustle, a horse shoe imprint stuck in its coat. No, he wouldn’t taste that good he supposed. Not even in death could he be helpful to anyone. Not even for a meal. 

He lowered his head and trudged on, thoughts of food only served to torture him, even thoughts of himself as such. He didn’t know how long he had walked but he knew he had a ways ahead of him yet. He glanced up at the sky, the sun hanging there, bearing down misery upon him. He could use a hat though. That could at least make his face stop hurting, maybe take away a few of those bright sun spot afterimages that popped up every time he blinked. He tugged at his shirt a bit, could he reuse that into a hat? Was it stiff enough? He looked around himself, no trees but a few dead bushes, dry as the cracked and split ground were, sitting around doing nothing but dying. He ripped some fabric off his shirt and grabbed two twigs that he supposed were straight enough. He set the sticks to each side of his head and made them meet ahead of him, creating a triangle with his forehead, and used that as a guide to tie his makeshift hat in place. When he was done he had something that roughly resembled a hat, maybe if someone had made one that never had seen a hat and had only received descriptions from someone else who ALSO had never seen one you’d have something similar to what Wendel made. But it was enough of a hat to be called one and it worked passably for him, keeping the sun out of his eyes and off his nose and lips which were burnt by now, sensitive and stinging to touch. 

As he walked he considered the usefulness of his shirt as a hat against his own self as a meal. Both in death turned into something new, potentially beneficial for someone who could need it, but in the end he decided his shirt had fared better recycled. Though his shirt had won, he resolved himself into hoping he could become as useful as his hat had, just maybe without the dying part.