*This is it. The end of the road.*

Holding her bleeding hand and sat back against the wagon wall, Cera watched as the flames consumed the room and roared like the fire itself was a terrible living thing. And perhaps it was. She stared into the heart of the blaze trying to search out its soul. Was this an angry predator bent on rampage? Was it a starved beast? Was it a neutral creature that perhaps possessed no control over its own physical form? 

It was almost impossible to breathe now, the air was smoke and the heat was overwhelming. Her little section she sat in was the last not entirely consumed by fire. Through teary eyes she looked to the opposite wall, the flames had crawled up it and to the ceiling. This whole box was becoming fire.

She hated her life. She decided that now. She hated that it all led up to this, all that pain for nothing. She was so close, after so much she was right there, she was almost free. Why did she even bother struggling through it all? What was hope if nothing but a traitor? When she was a child she enjoyed her life, the luxury, the freedom of being related to someone important. She was ignorant and a fool then. Perhaps that in itself was worth hating. 

But the last year had taught her that the world was a horrible place, far beyond comprehension. Kidnapped, becoming a slave, sold around, beaten, it had all taken its toll. She closed her eyes, maybe now she could be free of it all. Finally this endless and inescapable nightmare she had been stuck in could be over then, maybe this was a better ending for her than being led by hope’s siren melody. She opened her eyes again, looking at the fire. She finally understood. 

The fire’s soul was kind. This was an act of mercy.
The far wall exploded and crumbled inward, a spray of ember and char flying out towards Cera. A large section had caved in, but it was difficult to see through the fire and smoke. Another blast resounded from that wall, then another, pieces of the planked wood flew about.

“GIRL? YOU IN THERE?”

She saw the glint of a two handed hammer through the now large hole in the wall as it struck another piece, shattering a section of the burnt and weakened wagon. 

That was Rib, he had actually come back. She sat dumbfounded for a moment, she had just accepted the end, her end. Did she still want to die now that there was a chance at life? Her life? Would she fall into hope’s comforting arms again?

“HELLO?” Another blast from the hammer. “GIRL, YOU ALIVE?”

“I’m here!” Cera tried yelling over the roar of the fire but her voice was weak, it probably didn’t carry very far. “Rib! Please-” A coughing fit took over, she thought she could see him trying to peer into the wagon searching for her voice. 

“GIRL, YOU GOTTA RUN TO ME NOW, THE WALL IS OPEN.”

She froze. Run through all that fire? Would she even make it?

“THERE’S NO TIME, GO! THE DAMN CEILING IS COMING DOWN!”

The wagon was large, but she could vault through couldn’t she? It wouldn’t take her longer than a second or so to get through, but that is all it took, all of that was burning, a healthy flame fueled and fed, bright and powerful. She stood up slowly, her skin felt burned, her body ached, especially her shoulder, her hand was flaring sharp pains. Would this be any worse than sitting in here and letting it happen?

“G O!”

Cera wrapped her hands around herself and launched forward through the flames with as much speed and energy she could muster. 

As soon as her first foot landed she felt herself twist and fall, a broken board underneath her pulling her down.

*Oh no.*

She tumbled to the ground hard and rolled forward, she felt hands immediately grab her and pull her out of the wagon, she hit the hard earth with a thud, knocking the wind out of her. Rib was patting her down with some blanket or jacket, something, she was sure her clothes were either burning or at least smoldering. She tried taking a deep breath but was rewarded with weak coughs instead. 

Regardless of the pain or the coughs, she was glad she didn’t die in that stupid wagon. She had coped with the reality she was facing in those final moments, but it’s not what she wanted. Not truly. She hated the last year, she hated what she had gone through, she was sure she was going to hate what stood ahead. 

But she would get through. 

She promised herself that now. She’d make all of this mean something. 

Rib pulled her hands together forcibly, the burned flesh and bleeding wound causing Cera’s vision to flash in pain, he tied her hands together with a length of rope sending signals of pain that made her want to vomit. 

“Not letting you out of my sight this time, girl. If you die,” Rib pulled the rope bindings taut, “then I don’t get paid.”