---
metaData: metaData
tags: "Ryn Seers"
---

Ryn spent the next hour or so treading carefully towards the distant light, keeping low. The light turned out to be a fire pit of considerable size set up in a small plaza or courtyard as a welcome piece to a tall wooden gate. This had to be what she was looking for. The Hideout. She approached the edge of darkness, staying careful to remain on her side of that line, her heart thumping in her ears as she did so. The gate was closed – she assumed locked – and was several times taller than she was. She had never seen a construction as primitive as this in the citadel, why build a gate with wood? What was the point with something so soft? She couldn’t tell how far the walls extended off into the darkness, this place wasn’t necessarily small, but a little more runty than she was hoping. She realized she couldn’t help but feel skeptical. Places of legend and myth are always made to be grander in the stories, but this place seemed just so basic and primeval. How would rebels fight back or *defend* with wood? Would these people even take her in? Would she want to be taken in? She tried to calm herself with a deep breath. This is what she had wanted, this is why she had left the citadel, to find a place away from the seers. At any cost. There was no returning to whatever life she had back there. This was it.

Part of Ryn felt betrayed by her own willingness to abandon her home in search of her escapist fantasy and fanciful ideas of a promising rebel empire but another part felt extremely validated, she had *actually* escaped and found it. Maybe. She definitely found something. Regardless, she wasn’t thrilled about the idea of wanting to walk in blind into yet another potentially unfavorable situation so she found a hiding spot in a large patch of bushes within distant eyeshot of the gate and settled down for the night. Maybe in the morning she could see more about what this place was and who these people were.