---
metaData: metaData
tags: "Fin Colorless-Grove Jericho"
---

Fin awoke to the aroma of smoked meat and spices. He uncomfortably sat up against the tree he was curled up near, eyes adjusting to the light streaming down through the canopy above. The stranger from the night before was cooking. He had positioned a thinner flat stone over the fire, using it as a pan for what looked like a few chops from a smaller sized animal. The man didn’t notice Fin was awake, he seemed too busy prodding the meat with a knife, making sure it was cooked, adding what seemed to be herbs and powders, making sure it was coated properly. That sweet smoke rose slowly, filling the air. Fin didn’t realize how hungry he was until he saw it. Smelled it. His mouth watered and his stomach hurt just thinking about it. 

How long was it since he ate anything? Days? He didn’t know, his perception of time was distorted and flawed recently. Ever since he had received that death mark. He found himself moving before he realized what he was even doing, sauntering up over to the cook and his art. 

“Ah, hopefully you got some much needed rest, friend.” The man said. “You slept for a long time.” He looked up to the sky — or what he could see of it — and squinted, it unsurprisingly was grayish here like everything else. “It’s well past morning, no complaints though, gave me time to fetch a meal for us.” 

Once again Fin looked at the ingredients slowly cooking away on that improvised grill, it was beautiful. It wasn’t his stomach that influenced that thought, but that lonely pit of paranoia that sat in the center of his chest. He was worried this stranger would kill him while he slept, but instead he made him breakfast. 

“Thank you...” Fin said quietly. Then louder, “Thank you.” He looked the stranger in the eyes when he said it and nodded. He received a smile back. It took a lot for him to say that, and while there was more he would’ve liked to add, this would have to do for now. One step at a time.

The man poked the meat again with the hunting knife, the sharp blade scraping against the crust of the skin, a nice textural mouth-watering sound. How did he get such a crunchy exterior? Something to do with the herbs he used he was sure, they smelled incredible. 

“Forgive me, I never caught your name last night, friend.” The man said, wiping his knife and then his hand on a rag. “I go by Jericho.” He reached out his hand.

Fin took it, “Fin.” 

Jericho nodded and went back to cooking, he slipped his knife under one of the chops and flipped letting out a nice drawn out sizzle. “Not to pry, Fin, I can tell you’re a man who is inclined to his privacy.” Jericho said, another sizzle mixing with the last as he flipped over the other piece. “But I can’t help but notice you seem out of sorts out here in the grove.”

What could he say to that? Fin sat down on a rock near the fire, it was warm, a welcome feeling against the bitter cold. It wasn’t about trust, it was about the idea of burdening this man with his terrible truth — his problems — that bothered him. What entitled Fin to unload so much baggage unto this man? Nothing. He watched as Jericho took the meat off the cooking stone and onto a slab of wood to rest. 

“I’m out this far north because of a job,” Fin lied. “Farther north than I intended.. I’m a hunter by trade. I’m just on a bit of a deadline.” He sighed. What a mild way to put it. He had mostly told the truth, just without the imagery of a clock of death hanging above his head, ticking away, about to run out. 

Jericho chuckled, “Makes sense, I dabble in trapping myself.” He nodded towards the meat resting. “But only ever to get by, more of a forager if anything.” He cleaned his knife again. “What’s the job? What are you hunting I mean?”

Fin for a moment considered lying — occluding little tiny insignificant bits of the truth — again, diving further in and spinning more of his web. But the truth was he was looking for answers. When it came to his personal reasons he could muddle the truth, but when it came to the goal he simply didn’t have time to lie. He was going to die unless he found the creature he was looking for. He looked up to meet Jericho’s eyes, “Ever heard of the legend of the rothswip?”