---
metaData: metaData
tags: "Aarand-Vullan The-Captain Zarin Universe Veil Empyrean Minerva"
---

A few officers were bustling around Zarin as he stood patiently, hands held together behind his back. The docking bay gate was just ahead, the carrier transport had just landed. It wasn’t often they received new recruitment off schedule cycles, but to keep the systems alive you needed infusions, and crew was your blood. Even still, it was an oddly timed request for a single recruit. Typically batches of recruits were hailed and sent from the main home system, spreading out their coverage of influence like spokes, today was different. 

The bay gate door slid open, several officers in standard white uniform leading a young man in a bright blue jumpsuit. At sight of the captain the officers saluted, pressing their right fist to their left shoulder.

“Relax,” Zarin said, “just want to meet the recruit.” The officers took the cue and promptly walked away. “Well Aarand Vullan, welcome aboard the Empyrean. I’m Captain Zarin.”

Aarand bowed slightly. “Thank you for taking me in, sir.”

Zarin winced at the sight of the bow. “What sector are you from, Vullan?”

“Minerva, sir.”

“The sector that went dark recently, right?”

Aarand hesitated slightly, “That is correct, sir.”

“Stop with the sirs.” Zarin said, “But I guess that explains it, a refugee, we normally don’t get unscheduled recruitment out here.” He narrowed his eyes at Aarand. “How bad is it out there?”

“The sector went rogue, captain. Total anarchy. The veil hit harder there than most places we heard about. Felt like an inevitability.”

“Why sign yourself up for the fleets then?” Zarin asked. “You got out, you’re just running back into the same system, kid.”

Aarand spent a moment in contemplation. “I wanted to change things. Didn’t want to sit by and watch anymore.”

Zarin sighed, well that’s fucking disappointing. Another bright eyed kid who thought they had the potential and desire to change the universe for the better. This was the wrong place to sign up for that. But Minerva, *that* was interesting. A sector that broke free. Unconquered. 

“I want a comprehensive report sent through your station officer about Minerva.” Zarin said sharply, he could see Aarand stand up straighter at his sudden change of tone. “We don’t receive many reports or messages from the outer sectors, especially not Minerva. I want to know what factors led to its collapse and a list of the major players and factions fighting for control. Estimates for each on firepower, fleet statuses, and manpower.”

Aarand bowed quickly. “I’ll do my best, anything else captain?” 

“No,” Zarin said, waving over Aarand’s supervising officer. “and learn to salute. You’re a part of the Empyrean crew now, time to act like it.”