---
metaData: metaData
tags: "Sellira Modin Gobfield"
---

Sometimes the most you could wish for is simply a day of rest. Sellira was beginning to think the concept of an entire day devoted to rest was a myth. For people like her at least it was. As a servant to the nobility she saw others experience days of rest, the work she provided allowed it. There was no rest earned without the weight of others’ hard work to support it. It was easy then to decide she would never choose to burden someone else with her selfish desires. Leisure was weakness. Rest was a betrayal. 

Sellira strode through the halls on aching feet, checking her notepad. The schedule today was tight. With all her other duties combined she had to also oversee an incoming shipment to the castle proper, dyed linens for banners and uniforms for the parade in Modin’s honor later this week. She hoped she would be numb by now to the seemingly ever increasing narcissism and god complex-like behavior presented by their king. 
But how could you be?
Every day presented its own challenges. 

Funny thing about schedules, no one in charge ever accounts for how long it takes to traverse the castle grounds. Sellira timed herself once, from one end to the other. Forty five minutes walking at her fastest pace. Oftentimes events that required her presence around the castle had fifteen minute gaps at absolute best. Something against her very nature was something she had to get used to, being late. 

So when she arrived at the loading dock, several stacks of boxes had already been loaded in. She moved over to Gobfield, the dock manager, who had his arms crossed, looking out over the workers. 

“Anything strange?” Sellira asked, flipping over her notepad.

“Nope.” Gobfield said. 

“Did you check all the boxes thoroughly?”

“Opened a few. Skimmed a bit.” 

Sellira sighed. “Okay well I’m going to have some workers go through all of them.” She started flipping over a few pages of her notepad and making some notes. “I can start by categorizing the boxes in-”

“Do you ever get tired, Sellira?” Gobfield said, “My workers do. It’s fabric. Linen. If someone is here to sabotage that old bastard there are ways far easier.”

Sellira looked at Gobfield, who was still staring straight forward. She lowered her notepad, looking out over the now sea of boxes being loaded in by the workers. 

“Let me handle this.” Gobfield said. “My workers and yourself need a break from the ridiculous laboring detail work.” He turned and snatched the notepad out of Sellira’s hands, running a finger down the schedule page until he found the overseeing request, checking it off and handing it back. “If he asks, tell Modin I oversaw the deliveries.” 

Sellira stood, stunned, staring at her notepad. 

“Go.”

Sellira squeaked out a quick thank you, wheeled herself around, and hurried out of the docking bay. Gobfield was right wasn’t he? In her insistence to do things by the book she almost made all those poor people sift through laundry for the rest of the day. She didn’t want others to be overworked, but maybe the assumption that diligence leads to less work down the line didn’t apply to things like this. 

Maybe.

Sellira glanced down at her schedule, seeing an hour until her next obligation. She stopped in the hallway suddenly very aware of what that meant. 

It may not have been a day, but it was an hour of rest.