---
metaData: metaData
tags: "Cera-Forethrell"
---

*This is it. The end of the road.*
Holding her bleeding hand and sat back against the wagon wall, Cera watched as the flames consumed the room and roared like the fire itself was a terrible living thing. And perhaps it was. She stared into the heart of the blaze trying to search out its soul. Was this an angry predator bent on rampage? Was it a starved beast? Was it a neutral creature that perhaps possessed no control over its own physical form? 
It was almost impossible to breathe now, the air was smoke and the heat was overwhelming. Her little section she sat in was the last not entirely consumed by fire. Through teary eyes she looked to the opposite wall, the flames had crawled up it and to the ceiling. This whole box was becoming fire.
She hated her life. She decided that now. She hated that it all led up to this, all that pain for nothing. She was so close, after so much she was right there, she was almost free. Why did she even bother struggling through it all? What was hope if nothing but a traitor? When she was a child she enjoyed her life, the luxury, the freedom of being related to someone important. She was ignorant and a fool then. Perhaps that in itself was worth hating. 
But the last year had taught her that the world was a horrible place, far beyond comprehension. Kidnapped, becoming a slave, sold around, beaten, it had all taken its toll. She closed her eyes, maybe now she could be free of it all. Finally this endless and inescapable nightmare she had been stuck in could be over then, maybe this was a better ending for her than being led by hope’s siren melody. She opened her eyes again, looking at the fire. She finally understood. 
The fire’s soul was kind. This was an act of mercy.