---
metaData: metaData
tags: "Cera-Forethrell Rib Pipe"
---

Cera sat in the back of the boarded wagon, her hands and feet being bound by rope made it difficult to retain her balance when the wheels struck a rock or a divot, which was often. It was a long and uncomfortable ride so far through the backroads of the decaying county. Her *couriers* had no problem with damaged goods though and knowing that was exactly why she had kept her mouth shut throughout the trip. There had been a time when she assumed her words, her status, and ignorant condescension could weasel her out of any undesirable position. That had been a year ago. A very long year ago. She had learned a lot of painful lessons in that time and learned to be quiet.

Turns out, being a grand judge’s daughter comes with as many pitfalls as it does advantages. For example, you could get the best selection of books the empire can offer in a stately library in your luxurious manor but then you could get kidnapped and sold as a slave when your father rules against a band of notorious thieves. So pretty give and take. 

She had tried to rest her head against the wood wall of the wagon but with how uneven this road was it was impossible to not get a headache. Bumpy and neglected roads meant she was in one of the outer cities of the empire, several days away still from the center, her home. Cera had liked to believe she was doing a decent job of keeping mental notes on where they were. Seeing the light filter in through slits in the planks allowed her to keep a rough track of time even when she slept. Her captors had clipped and sanded down her fingernails so she couldn’t chip at the wood to create larger gaps or work at her binds but she did try on occasion to simply peek through the little gaps in the frame, it was difficult to see anything. She felt she had a decent sense for where they were anyway. 

Less than a week away, at least she presumed. She was going home. The slavers had told her as much anyway. There was something akin to a deal at play she didn’t really understand, they didn’t really talk about it much either, but she didn’t need to know, she finally had hope. They were bringing her back to the capital, to her father. She could finally look forward to the future. She just had to get there in one piece. 

The wagon lurched to a stop causing her to tumble over and land on her shoulder, granting a painful new ache. After a moment lying there she could hear voices coming from the forward end. She clenched her jaw from the pain and wiggled upright and scooted towards the front of the hold so she could get in better earshot. Even with her ear to the wall she could barely hear.

“You’re makin’ a hefty mistake.” That gravelly voice was Pipe, the wagon guard. The name was quite fitting, he was as hard headed as he was hollow. 

“I don’t think you understand the position you’re in, big man.” This voice was new to her. “You either give up what you got or we take your lives too.”

The silence after that was thick. Was the wagon being robbed? What would happen if they found her? 

“What’s in the back?” The voice said.

“Nothin’. S’ why you’re makin’ a mistake, we ain’t got nothin’.” Pipe said.

Cera heard a whack and a grunt and then what sounded like Pipe groaning after.

“We don’t appreciate being lied to.” The voice said. “We were tracking you for a bit, where’s the other one? Your friend.”

Pipe seemed to be doing all the talking, but now that the voice mentioned it she still hadn’t heard Rib yet, her *owner*. She wondered if he took the chance to run when he saw an opportunity. She figured as much.
Pipe continued to groan in pain. She heard a thump and winced and the sharp cry Pipe made. A part of her was glad to hear pain befall one of her slavers, that man and others had put her through worse, but a greater part of her was afraid. They were her last chance at getting home. 

“If he moves, kick him again. See what’s inside the back.”

Seconds later a large blade hacked into the side of the wagon a few feet from where Cera sat, she barely suppressed a yelp. The wielder dislodged the weapon and rammed it down into the wood again, from her end it looked like the blade of a war axe. It was only a matter of time before they would be able to look into her cell here, she had to find a way to hide. She hesitantly scuttled towards the wall they were breaking open, hoping once they looked inward they wouldn’t look far enough in to see her in the corner, also hoping more men didn’t poke any extra holes in this side of the wagon, she was still wanting to remain in one piece. She closed her eyes for a moment, attempting to calm herself as the axe came down on the wood again and again, that terrible thwack, tearing open a hole in the wall. Once she heard the wood creak and rip she opened her eyes, blinding light poured into the dark little space, it was difficult to adjust to.

It was immediately shadowed by a head looking into the new window. Cera pulled up her legs to her chest and tried to make herself as small as possible in the dark corner against the wall. 

“Huh, fella was right. Empty.” A new voice this time. The light returned as he left. 

Cera let out a very quiet sigh of relief, she hadn’t even realized she was holding her breath.

“Then burn the wagon and kill him. Take the horse, there’s nothing else left for us here.”

Her breath caught. 

She could hear Pipe pleading and whimpering then the familiar sound of that axe thwacking down. Silence. Then the sickening sound of the axe ripping out from Pipe’s corpse. Tears started running down her face. 

*This is very bad.* She was going to die in here, in this stupid little box. 

A blazing torch was tossed in through the opening and landed in the center of the floor.