---
metaData: metaData
tags: "Carp Rat"
---

Out here in the Zirincon asteroid belt smooth rides and peace of mind were a scarcity. Carp held on to an exposed pipe on the wall to steady himself, the heavy turbulence threatening to knock him off his feet. Their shield was a cheap low-power model so they were able to feel every bump from each and every rock they flew into at this speed. Carp eyed the ship’s dashboard, analog lights flashing and dials fidgeting. It would be a close flight, if nothing went wrong they should make it back to the outpost with just enough fuel to spare. Hopefully they could sell off what they should be able to scavenge here and earn enough to buy more fuel for the next while. Maybe then after another couple of weeks they could replace that damn shield, if something else didn’t break before then. 

Rat turned away from the flight controls to look at Carp, showing all his crooked teeth with a smile. “We found ‘er,” he said, turning back and pointing at the large asteroid ahead in the distance. “The Silver Badger ‘erself.” 

“Badger?” Carp asked, “Why are we giving it a name, it’s a rock.”

“Her.” Rat said sternly. “And because she deserves one.”

“Okay.. but why Badger? Why not something like.. I don’t know.. Sylvia. It’s a silver veined asteroid I think it fits bet-“

“You have no imagination.” Rat said, waving his hand. “Leave ‘er alone if you’re not gonna respect her. Shame, it seems only those who can see the true beauty in another can appreciate them.” Rat pulled down his goggles over his eyes, turning his focus back to the controls. 

Carp rolled his eyes and leaned back against the wall. This is the same asteroid they had tracked for a few days now, though with the scanners on board being low quality and cheap it hadn’t been easy. Combine that with the movement and bustle of the belt with all of its different signatures bouncing off, this was a well earned payday. All theirs.

Rat pulled a lever down, then another. “We’ll land in a few, pre-igniting the mining beam before touchdown,” he said, pulling out a dirty lighter and flipping it in his hand. “But first I want to light up a bit too.” Rat grinned, searching his pockets for his pack of smokes.

Carp held out his free hand and Rat obliged, lighting one and handing it over. Carp turned the smoke over between his fingers, inspecting it. “What’s this one laced with?”

“Fetilicide,” Rat said before taking a long drag, blowing the smoke over the lights on the dash. “It’s good fer ya.” He chuckled, laugh turning to cough quickly. 

Carp shrugged and pulled the smoke to his lips, inhaling deep. Couldn’t focus right on the job without taking a bit of the edge off anyway. He blew the smoke out slow and once again pondered the stick between his fingers, it went down smooth. He could feel the effects of whatever drug Rat had mentioned almost instantly, these days the stuff he bought didn’t mess around. It didn’t impair him like some did, but he could feel that almost uncomfortable surge drift quickly into relaxation. Focus. He took another drag while taking his gloves out of his jacket pocket and pulling them on. “You about ready, Rat?” 

“Would you ask a dog if he’s ready to shit?” Rat said, pulling a lever.

“I don’t even know if that means yes or no,” Carp said, “because why the fuck would anyone do that.”

“A dog shits when he’s ready,” Rat said, “and I am.” He grinned and gripped the controls again, bringing the ship down closer.

“Why is it so hard for you to say something like ‘yes’?” 

“Another chide from the imagine-less on board to bring down the beauty of a writer’s narrative,” Rat said, “alas,” waving the smoke around in the air dramatically, “the persecution will never end as long as my mind is free.” 

“You’re an idiot.” Carp replied, taking a drag.

“The jealousy on this ship is my prison.”

Carp smiled at that, blowing out a cloud of smoke, focusing now on the view out the window. From this close it really put into perspective how large the rock was. This specific asteroid was about five hundred kilometers across at its widest, about three fifty or so at its slimmest. Small for an asteroid, but large for one with such a massive concentration of silver, something that reflected clearly in its color. The topography was mountainous, though more bulbous than sharp, and filled with craters. After a minute Rat brought the ship near the base of a large bulb, finally landing, the incessant shaking of the ship finally gone.

“Alright, showtime,” Rat said, leaning backwards over his chair and raising his eyebrows repeatedly, “good luck with your manual labor.”

Carp grunted as a response and stepped out of the cockpit, walked down the short ship hallway to the bay, and sealed the door behind him with a crank lever on the wall. He tapped his ear piece once, “Comms?” 

“Clear as shit.” Rat replied in his ear. 

“Alright, I’m steppin out.” Carp said. “Let me know when the miner is ready.”

“Rog.”

Carp grabbed two atmo pods out of the supply rack and linked them to his belt. About as large as a fist they weren’t that inconvenient and didn’t get in the way much. He tapped one, a bubble of atmosphere expanding and swelling around him about ten feet wide. One would last him long enough for the mining work and even beyond, but for safety you always take two. He flipped on the switches on the sides of his vac boots, testing his ability to take steps and pull away from the floor. 

Walking to the bay door confident his gear was ready Carp unlatched the locking pins on either side then went back to the entrance to pull the main release switch. Air vented out of the room immediately, the large metal door swung down to the floor revealing the silvery wasteland in front of him. 

Carp walked out onto the asteroid, bubble from the atmo pod protecting him and giving him air, the vac boots simulating loose enough gravity to keep him on the rock he walked on. An asteroid of this size would have a low enough escape velocity to have him tumbling into space the second he walked out here, his vac boots kept him tethered. There was a gyroscopic and touch sensor in each boot that activated on taking steps, at the start of your step when you raise your foot the vacuum pressure from the vents at the bottom would lower, at the height of your step when you press your foot down the pressure would rise. Overall it simulated standard gravity well enough once you got used to them, so between that and the dry little atmosphere bubble around him he could pretend he was on a standard planet well enough. 

Another good thing about the atmo pods was that they didn’t create a volatile atmosphere, Carp took another long drag from the smoke and flicked it up and away into space. He walked around the side of the rusty bucket he flew around space in to where the mining beam sat embedded into the side of the ship. The mining beam was a large boxy shape with a long metal tube that was currently coiled and secured in place on the side.

Carp tapped his earpiece, “Where are we at with the beam?” 

Rat replied after a moment, “ehhhh… we’re almost done heatin up. I’d say give it another two minutes.” 

Carp leaned on one foot staring out over the silvery expanse, “Alright, we-“

“Never mind, forget I said nothing, I was looking at the wrong dial, yea the miners ready,” Rat said, “spin her up chief. Take our virgin Badger’s innocence, deflower ‘er in the most respectful of ways, for the gifts she gives us are-”

“I’m gonna turn comms the fuck off if you don’t shut up.” Carp said, moving to uncoil the laser tube. “Stop personifying the rock and then sexualizing it.”

“I pity you.” Rat said in his ear, through drags of smoke. “The colors you must be blind to.. the castles you must not see, your story is a grey and dreary one, almost lifeless in its-“

Carp pressed the mute button on his earpiece and finished uncoiling the long tube. The mining beam was basically a large vacuum, the end of the tube heating up and pulling the liquid metals all the way up through the tube and into block molds on the ship. He scanned the area around himself with his PSD, looking for a place to set the process in motion. The whole area here was deeply concentrated with silver, so much so he didn’t really have to worry about finding specific suitable veins, most of his job was already done. He pressed the flat end of the tube face down against a nice flat silver area and walked back to the miner, unlatching a plate to reveal some controls and pulling a lever down. 

Immediately the miner engine whirred on, loud as ever, Carp saw the red glow of heat shoot down the metal tube down to where the end was pressed against the metallic ground which  only took a few moments to start melting and sinking the vacuum tube down lower into itself. Carp leaned back against the ship, watching the miner basically work on its own, and clicked on his earpiece again.

“-is what life is about. The reader sees the beauty of what the writer has created and he has been given a gift of sight should he choose to use it. What you have is a-“

“Rat, I’ll give you the sight of the inside of your own grave, now shut the fuck up.”

“Surely an emperor's tomb,” Rat said, “the likes of which no one has ever seen.”

“It’s this hole the miner is digging.”

“A tomb of silver, a monument to my name.” 

Carp shook his head with a smile, “I got the miner doing its thing, let me know when the blocks are getting close to filled.” 

“Rog.” 

“And look at the right dials this time,” Carp said, pulling out a pack of plain smokes and a lighter. “Last thing we need is a melted silver ship.”

“Maybe then it’d be worth somethin,” Rat said. “Speaking of, maybe we should double our luck and salvo some scrap-o on the way back through. I know Vinny was looking for some ship parts, bet ‘e’d be willing to pay something heavy for any engine pieces.”

Carp hummed in thought, “depends how far out of our way we’d have to go to find any wrecks.” He took a long drag from the smoke between his fingers. “Do a radial scan of the belt, maybe we’ll get lucky and find some unfortunate bastard out here.” Carp watched the smoke drift up out of his bubble. 

“Roger, roger, roger.”

The glowing hot miner tube had pulled itself pretty far deep into the asteroid’s surface, Carp walked over — the whirring sound of the machine disappearing once Carp had moved his bubble away from it — and peered down the pit, pulling his goggles down so he didn’t get blinded by the lasers. It was hard to see much if you didn’t know what you were looking for, but he was satisfied with what he saw. Carp stepped back to the miner box and pulled his goggles up. Easy day. A day like this was needed for a while.

“Yeah we’re luckier than a soiled pair of wedding pants,” Rat said in his earpiece, “there’s a wreck close by in the belt.”

“Why is a pair of wedding slacks being ruined an instance of luck to you Rat?”

“Cause then I don’t have to go to the wedding,” Rat said. “It’s fifty klicks out.”

Carp almost spit out his smoke, “wait what? Like on the same asteroid?” 

“On the Badger herself. Looks like our girl had some.. unexplained history with another couple of gents. Feeling mighty betrayed right now.” 

Carp rolled his eyes instinctively, “alright.. well let’s check it out after molds are done. Any data on it?”

“Nope.”

“Great. Well doesn’t much matter anyway.” Carp said, flicking the stub of his smoke out of his bubble, watching it float away. “It’s our lucky wedding-less day.”
