---
metaData: metaData
tags: "Rallyn Riv King-Tem Kedrel Fin"
---

“So what, the guy fell asleep and just got to talk with a god or something? Then screwed it up?”

“Interesting people in interesting situations make for interesting stories, Kedrel.” Riv said. “But I think you’re missing the point of this story so far regardless.” Leading the other two, Riv had picked up a large approximately-straight stick at some point and was absently tapping the forest floor ahead of him to help guide their way through the pervasive darkness, picking out gnarled roots and rocks effective at tripping blinded travelers. “You’d think with one diminished sense, the others would have heightened for you.”

“Yeah, yeah, the guy is dying. I get it. You mentioned it a hundred times.” Kedrel said. “He’s gonna realize the value of life or something after that.” 

“The point, Ked,” Rallyn said, “was that when Fin finally opened himself up to new ideas, to being able to trust, he was rewarded with connection. So far at least..”

“Ah” Riv said, whacking at a root with his improvised cane, “someone *was* paying attention.”

Rallyn smirked, looking to the side and barely catching Kedrel roll his eyes at her in the dark. She liked being right. Still though, it didn’t directly answer any of her earlier questions to Riv about the Divide, it was again an ‘answer’ that only created more questions. She was beginning to doubt the end of the story would offer any more useful explanations, just more vague metaphors.

“Whatever.” Kedrel grumbled. “How much longer do we have to walk through this nightmare? Where are we going exactly?”

Riv stopped abruptly, almost causing the other two to bump into him. “Here should probably do it actually, now that you mention it.” He said. Rallyn watched curiously as Riv waved the other two back a few steps and then lifted the large walking stick over his head and thrust it down into the earth. She wasn’t sure but Rallyn thought she saw the branch fade gray for a single moment as it struck. After releasing his grip on the wood it seemed to hold firm by itself, implanted within the ground a lot deeper than Rallyn would’ve thought. He pushed at it lightly to see if it would topple, seeming satisfied with its sturdiness he turned around to face the other two, his expression unreadable. “Let’s go.”

“We came all this way for that?” Kedrel said. “That’s it?”

“That’s it. I told Tem I didn’t need escorts.”

“What is this for exactly?” Rallyn asked, studying the pole and squinting at it to see if the gray effect she had seen was in her head. *Could it have been light?*

“It will serve as a reminder for the.. *person* who will find it. And yes. They will.” Riv said, starting to walk back in the direction they had come. “Let’s hurry, neither of you can be out past the Divide much longer, *especially now*.”