---
metaData: metaData
chars: Pipe
---

Pipe continued to groan in pain. She heard a thump and winced and the sharp cry Pipe made. A part of her was glad to hear pain befall one of her slavers, that man and others had put her through worse, but a greater part of her was afraid. They were her last chance at getting home. 
“If he moves, kick him again. See what’s inside the back.”
Seconds later a large blade hacked into the side of the wagon a few feet from where Cera sat, she barely suppressed a yelp. The wielder dislodged the weapon and rammed it down into the wood again, from her end it looked like the blade of a war axe. It was only a matter of time before they would be able to look into her cell here, she had to find a way to hide. She hesitantly scuttled towards the wall they were breaking open, hoping once they looked inward they wouldn’t look far enough in to see her in the corner, also hoping more men didn’t poke any extra holes in this side of the wagon, she was still wanting to remain in one piece. She closed her eyes for a moment, attempting to calm herself as the axe came down on the wood again and again, that terrible thwack, tearing open a hole in the wall. Once she heard the wood creak and rip she opened her eyes, blinding light poured into the dark little space, it was difficult to adjust to.
It was immediately shadowed by a head looking into the new window. Cera pulled up her legs to her chest and tried to make herself as small as possible in the dark corner against the wall. 
“Huh, fella was right. Empty.” A new voice this time. The light returned as he left. 
Cera let out a very quiet sigh of relief, she hadn’t even realized she was holding her breath.
“Then burn the wagon and kill him. Take the horse, there’s nothing else left for us here.”
Her breath caught. 
She could hear Pipe pleading and whimpering then the familiar sound of that axe thwacking down. Silence. Then the sickening sound of the axe ripping out from Pipe’s corpse. Tears started running down her face. 
*This is very bad.* She was going to die in here, in this stupid little box. 
A blazing torch was tossed in through the opening and landed in the center of the floor.