Petyl closed her notebook softly, another entry finished. It was exhausting. Everyone thought of her Sight as a gift, to her it was a burden. Her hand caressed the leather booklet, so many precious dreams recorded. So much of it riddled with self doubt. Dreams were impossible to fully catch, to fully memorize. She felt like an amateur forger blocking in shapes of a beautiful painting and missing the details, the strokes, the colors. The life of it. When she woke up every day she could feel the visions draining out of her head like there was a hole in the back of her skull. Maybe there was somewhere. 

She closed her eyes, seeing the last vestiges of those fragile scenes play out before her in imperfect memory and emotion. A girl trapped in a box on fire. A man with a severed shadow. A wielder of a blade surrounded by a perfect darkness. These images stood out from the rest today, a moment longer for each, a searing sunspot, each image burned. This was rare for her but not unfamiliar, there had been others before that had stayed frozen in memory. She bound her notebook in her favorite red ribbon and gently put it in her bag. 

Something bothered her about her most recent witness though, an inescapable dread that continued to creep up and spread over the images like a virulent corruption, darkened veins growing through them. 

Something was wrong with those scenes. Something unseen. An external presence beyond her own. 

*Something else was watching.*
In the end Fin chose to trust.

To sleep. 

Whether it was the desperation and exhaustion he felt or the smoldering wick signaling the end of his days, something within him stopped worrying about the danger the stranger could have possessed. It was a strange conclusion Fin came to, realizing that in these potentially final moments he simply didn’t care. He would rather sleep and face the consequences that came with it. 

Even death.

Fin both thanked and apologized to the stranger and bundled up near the base of one of the colorless trees, knife covertly kept in hand. For a while he kept an eye open, watching the strange fellow stare into the fire. It wasn’t long before he drifted away, lost in his questions about the soul that watched over him.

Fin dreamt that night. He was thrown into chaotic abstract nothingness, running from an unseen force, attempting to chase things, unable to move. Some dreams persist only for moments, these dreams felt like years, tormenting labyrinths just putting him back at the start. 

And then clarity. 

Fin stood on the deck of a ship surrounded by a partially frozen ocean, icebergs jutting out of the water creating a sort of chasm the ship was sailing through. He had never seen anything like it. He felt the piercing cold, the crisp sharpness to the air. He walked to the railing of the wooden deck, it was a large ship, the water lapped against the hull far down below. 

“Breathtaking isn’t it?”

Fin looked to his right, a person now stood there, hands clasped onto the railing and looking out alongside him. Fin nodded. 

The man turned to him and smiled, judging from the wrinkles the man was much older, short gray hair atop his head waved softly from the sea breeze. He donned a strange white cloak in a style he had never seen before. “Have you thought about what comes after, Fin?”

“Sorry? After what?”

“After you are cured.”

Fin shook his head and took a deep breath, “I never thought about it. After all this time running towards the finish line, I never really wondered about where I’d run to after.” 

“I think that’s a very human response from someone that’s been in such distress.” The man turned away, looking back over the side of the ship at the now falling snow disappear into the waves below. “But time is running out, Fin. Think about the path you would travel after. Is your life worth saving over another?”

“Is there such a thing? A life worth more than another?”

“A question I have spent too long avoiding the answer to.”

Fin didn’t know how to respond to that, so he watched the snow fall as well and after some time he felt the scene slip away from him, falling into wakefulness.