---
metaData: metaData
chars: Ven Rallet, Judge Forethrell
---

“Article four, section twenty-seven. The opposing party may not demonstrate threat to the crown or stand in favor of threats or accomplices to such parties. Punishment is decided by the reigning judge. Death recommended.”
As the speaker fell silent Ven felt at the heavy manacles and chains that bound him to the stone podium, somehow less insulting than being branded with treason. The empire was getting desperate.
The eyes were on the judge as he sat in thought, unmovable mountain of a man shadowed in his white judicial robes. The judge fortunately was on his side. Sometimes bribery wasn’t about money as much as it was solving problems, and Ven was uniquely skilled at doing so. Judge Forethrell’s daughter had been silently captured and sold in an underground trafficking after the judge couldn’t pay ransom roughly a year ago. Horrible situation. 
But Ven had connections. He’d tracked down the girl and made a deal to get her out on the condition Forethrell makes the right decision today. He didn’t like working on conditional deals especially when people were being used as payment but the circumstances were dire.
Forethrell caught Ven’s eyes and he could see the uncertainty from the judge, the cocktail of emotion laying just behind the stonelike facade. Ven nodded. All he could give was his assurance, and in that regard he was an honest man. 
Forethrell cleared his throat and stood, the chamber felt almost frozen in time as everyone held their breath for the verdict. Ven smiled and let out a sigh of relief, this whole situation had gotten a little too far out of hand.
Forethrell’s thundering voice echoed through the hall, “I agree with the speaker, the opposing party before us did violate article four, section twenty-seven, that of treason and intent to usurp the crown.”
Ven froze. *Oh no.*
“In addition I will add charges of racketeering, bribery, human trafficking, grand thievery, accomplice to murder, and coordinating unlawful public protest under empire courts.”
*This is really bad.*
“The sentence is clear, the empire sentences Ven Rallet to death.”