---
metaData: metaData
tags: "Quill Rillet Lightwood"
---

Quill sat by the edge of the stream, letting the cool water run over her hand, watching the clear ripples reflect the colorful lights from the cloudy pale morning skies. Blood seeped into the currents. She frowned as she brought her hand back out of the water, the gash still stung and ached, for some reason it refused to heal. Bringing a rag out she carefully dried the wound – the best she could do was keep it clean for now. She clenched her jaw as she wrapped it back up tight, pulling hard on the cloth to ensure the pressure stayed firm. Quill sighed, taking a moment to just breathe and watch the current flow. There was still a long day ahead. 

After some time Quill filled up her waterskin, slung her pack over her shoulder, affixed her sheath on her back, and began walking upstream. She looked to the sky filled with clouds, the prismatic colors bouncing around between them creating its usual mosaic. Fortunately enough light filtered through for now, though she narrowed her eyes at the cloud cover, if it stayed through the afternoon she would lose a few evening hours of potent light. Maybe she wasn’t doing as well on time as she thought.

Rillet landed on Quill’s shoulder, the little bird’s feet resting on the pack strap, shaking her soft blue feathers happily as she did so. 

“Spot any small settlements or signs of others?” Quill asked.

“Nope, no signs,” Rillet chirped, “met a nice crow though, he told me where to find some nice appleworms in the area.”

“Focus.” Quill said, reaching into her pouch and pulling out a small treat, handing it to Rillet, “But thank you. We’ll keep an eye out.” 

Rillet chirped enthusiastically. 

“How far did you scout ahead?” Quill said.

“A ways, forest for as far as the eye can see,” she said, then softer,” upstream is where the appleworms are.” Rillet fluttered her wings again.

“Well, seems we’re going the right way then.” Quill said, smiling at the little bird on her shoulder — she was thankful she didn’t have to be out here on her own, even if Rillet wasn’t a massive deterrent for attackers, she was good company. When it came time to leave Bayfell, Quill had been.. more confident then. It would be a couple days' journey to Lightwood from here still. And one night. Everyone knew not to travel alone, and yet she had argued her capability. That was before — when she could heal. She squeezed her hand into a fist, feeling the weight of the pain radiate and pulse. *Why wasn’t it healing?*

Quill slowed her pace, noticing the trees up ahead bordering the stream had grown closer to one another and with thicker canopies, generating questionably dark shadows beneath, a few hanging their leafy branches out over the stream. Instinctually her eyes understood the luminosity of the shadowed areas — they weren’t quite dark enough to be immediately threatening — but that made her wary all the same, in areas like these you could pass around any corner and find dark spots. Her eyes once again looked to the skies, the seven suns casting their colorful hues upon the bed of clouds. If that cloud layer were to grow thicker this area’s shadows could become dangerous.

It doesn’t take much darkness for zera to spawn. 

Quill raised her good hand behind her head and grabbed the hilt of her weapon, Luminizing it. The blue alloy hilt began to glow a brilliant white, casting light all around her like a small beacon. She could expend a few cautionary Lumens in this area and still have enough for the night ahead. Though it still wasn’t ideal. 

“Rillet.” 

Rillet turned and cocked her head. 

“Can you scan the foliage density up ahead? I’m curious if the cover gets worse or if it breaks.” 

The little bluebird launched off her shoulder with a muted woosh, flying high above the trees and out of view. The stream bent around the tree line up ahead, cutting off line of sight, she had no idea about the path she was walking into. Quill stayed close to the bank, choosing her steps carefully over pebbles and sand — uneasy ground — eyes scanning her flanks. The light from her weapon was reflecting the drops of dew caught by large spiderwebs, making little sparkles twinkle in the lower branches. She could see the columns of the tree’s shadows move and dance out of sight as she passed by the uneven rows of trunks. It made it harder to detect movement when your own light created so much. 

She couldn’t venture very far into the woods themselves without natural paths like streams or clearings cutting large natural skylights into the canopies. Too much risk of darkness. Walking through dark woods was an easy way to die. 

Rillet dove out of the sky and twirled around Quill’s head before resting upon her companion’s shoulder. “After the stream curves it goes through a rough patch, many trees, very leafy. Looks scary.”

Quill stopped, “any other routes you saw then?”

“After the bend it opens up to the sky again, more open, if you cut past the bend through the patch of trees to the left it might be safer. Less shadowy by comparison.” 

Quill assessed the density of the trees Rillet was talking about, it wasn’t too bad, less solid canopies than those bordering the water, but there were of course a lot of angles and shadows. She looked down, kicking her boot against the small rocks and sand, spraying some into the water. Probably better than being flanked on non solid ground she supposed. 

“Alright, that’s the plan then,” Quill said, handing Rillet another treat, “take aerial position and direct me with the follow whistle-“

Rillet whistled a clean two tones, a high note followed by a lower one. 

“And if you spot danger, warning whistle.”

Rillet whistled a single low note three times in a row. 

Quill patted Rillet’s soft head with her finger, “perfect, counting on you.” 

Rillet nodded her head and launched into the sky. Quill stepped towards the tree line, making a fist with her injured hand, focusing on the pain. She couldn’t really afford to get into a fight right now, it was extremely important she stay focused on preventative measures as best she could. As terrifying and dangerous as nighttime was, zera at night were notably less aggressive compared to ones spawned during daylight hours. There had been theories that at night when there’s so much darkness around they feel more comfortable, they can wander freely, feel safe and confident in numbers, and so on. But zera spawned during day hours always seemed frenzied, whatever dark corner they found themselves spawned in seemed to drive them mad, likely being surrounded by so many natural Lumens was heightening their aggression. 

Furthermore any zera that found themselves surrounded by any amount of natural sun Lumens would be less afraid of Quill’s own less potent Lumens, even if either would kill them in high concentrations. Quill recalled a saying by her father, something like ‘when you found yourself at sea, you stopped worrying about getting a little wet’. Fully manifested and aggressive zera without fear. 

A two noted whistle pulled Quill out of her thoughts. *Right, focus.* She stepped forward, the hilt of her weapon still shining bright, sending shadows scampering away around her. Some species of trees were tall here, a few that surrounded her now would strain her neck if she searched for the tops and fortunately they weren’t sporting canopies as lush and full as their shorter relatives around them. Quill always thought about the relationship of trees and bushes as she walked through forests like these, the shorter you were the more leafy and shadowed you became. Two notes from Rillet whistled out again, Quill followed the call. 

Already the sound of the water from the stream was becoming distant, it felt wrong somehow, like she was losing her armor. Her protection. It was replaced by the sounds of her boots hitting the dry matted earth, the snaps and crackles of sticks and leaves breaking underfoot. If only she could Luminize every tree in a forest, maybe then walks like these could be peaceful. Rillet whistled three notes. 

Quill whipped her blade from its sheath in a flash, spinning around into a defensive stance. The zera was a stone’s toss away already, fidgeting and snarling, baring its black-as-night fangs. Zera looked like the darkest of shadows, like the nightmares themselves had come alive — corporeal and solid, semi bipedal creatures with clawed hands and piercing white eyes. Holding the weapon in a defensive posture with two hands Quill Luminized the whole sword this time, light quickly snapping up the blade turning it a brilliant white. Her eyes focused on the zera in front of her, clearly irritated and hissing at her shining sword. Quill reached behind herself with one hand, Luminizing the sheath on her back. Assuming the sword was her only light source, if she always held it out in front of herself it would always produce shadows on her flank. The sheath wouldn’t produce a light as bright as her sword but now she felt safer she wasn’t making the battle worse for herself, keeping the battlefield alight was important. She wasn’t interested in dying to laziness or sloppy practice, being smart means living. 

Her eyes did not move off of the creature, watching its limbs for the slightest hint of intent. Those like Quill could see through Luminizing effects, the natural ability of her eyes perceived the almost blinding effects of something like her Luminized blade as simply a pale grey sword. Perhaps another would suffer staring directly into it or become overwhelmed with the Lumen levels like her sword had overtaking their vision, but she would not. She also understood luminosity immediately and risking a quick glance upwards confirmed her suspicions, the clouds had rolled in thicker making the darkness in this area just past the edge of danger. 

The zera rushed forward in a frenzy, finally seeming to snap from its indecision, its shadowed claws extended out like knives, scraping against the dirt as it ran on all fours. Quill slid her foot back and prepared her sword for a heavy swing, realistically she would only get one good shot. It was very difficult to keep up with their speed and for her to recover after a swing. The zera jumped and Quill swept the blade out with a wide slash, the creature’s claws only a hand’s length from her face before the blade made perfect contact, slamming the nightmare away. The zera was split down the middle, exploding into black smoke before it hit the ground. She recentered her stance and held firm, looking around herself. That was too close.

She spotted the next zera the same time Rillet did, hearing the warning whistle from above. The swirl of darkness coalescing into substance, the creature stepped onto the ground — now solid — eyes already trained on Quill. This was becoming more and more dangerous very quickly. The luminosity of the forest was just on the edge of what was acceptable for spawning conditions, perhaps if she could hold her ground until the clouds passed.. or find a way to push through to the stream. Another three note whistle rang out. Quill turned sharply, seeing a shadowed form creep out from around a tree a ways behind her. Her only advantage was that the zera couldn’t spawn close to her while she was radiating so much light, she would theoretically have time to react to any creature rushing her immediate area, but if more and more continued to spawn like this that advantage would very quickly slip away.

The zera on either side of Quill started to circle towards her, keeping their flanks. Despite what non combatants thought, the zera seemed instinctually intelligent and suited for fighting. They understood positioning and how to attack in groups, their effectiveness made stronger by their lack of individual care for death — they seemed to choose the outcomes best suited to their opponent losing. Quill always thought it was so odd how they moved so well together. 

Trying to keep your eyes on both targets was difficult, but Quill was managing the best she could. It was also a relief to mentally place scouting for new spawns in Rillet’s care. The nightmares had circled inward, creeping ever closer, but just out of reach of her swings, still staying opposite each other. Quill tried to move, to seize any opportunity to back pedal away from both, but they were quicker, always reining her in between the two. She squeezed the handle of her sword, feeling the now familiar pain, a reminder. She couldn’t afford to make a mistake. 

Quill kept moving, a quick calculated step at a time, until she reached one of the large, enormously tall trees with the wide trunks. Dancing around it, Quill kept trying to always place the tree between her and the zera at her flank, to have some cover. This was risky, apart from cutting off sight lines, being so close to a tree like this really blocked her light, bathing more of the battlefield into darkness, but she didn’t have many options.

The zera Quill could see surged forward and she moved to react, taking a step forward herself and preparing a jab but the creature quickly stopped itself in a feint, throwing her stance off balance — they just created an opening. Both zera seized the opportunity and jumped. Rillet’s follow whistle rang out from the left, Quill brought her sword back defensively and tried her best to dodge around the tree towards Rillet’s call, narrowly avoiding a swipe from the zera in front, bark and splinters flying out as the claws struck wood. The other zera appeared in her vision, running around the opposite side of the tree after Rillet’s call directed her the right way, avoiding a pinch. For the first time she could face both nightmares at once. 

The zera that collided with the tree used it for leverage and jumped off it towards Quill’s head, she quickly brought the sword down across the creature mid air slamming it against the tree again, a wild scream pouring out of the creature’s mouth before it burst into smoke. The other zera zipped around the base of the tree towards her, eager to capitalize on the window of attack, but Quill mirrored its motion and back stepped around the tree away from it, attempting to keep distance and cover while she recovered her swing. The creature burst around the corner in a lunge and Quill thrusted her shining blade into it, the nightmare almost instantly evaporating into smoke. 

Rillet whistled again, this time her two tone follow call, it was time to move. Quill agreed. She slipped her sword back into her sheath and broke into a jog, following Rillet’s calls as Quill hopped over roots and passed trees. Maybe it was a mix of good fortune, maybe it was focus, but she was fighting well today. At least she hadn’t lost that. The cloud cover wasn’t relenting however and she could almost feel the white eyes on her back as she jogged, just focusing on pressing one foot in front of the other. She couldn’t yet see the stream ahead either, she felt surrounded. All she had was Rillet to see for her. 

Three whistles. Then another three. Then another. And another. 
Trailed by a two toned whistle, a high note and a low note.
*Keep moving.*

Heart thumping in her chest, Quill hopped over another root. *That was too many.* She couldn’t even turn her head to get a visual on the zera behind her while trying to avoid falling, she would just have to trust in Rillet to guide and warn her with sound while Quill’s full attention was on the rough terrain. Another follow whistle called out, then another, Rillet was trying to get Quill to speed up — to run faster. Quill did her best to gain speed while trying to retain her focus on footwork, but it was tricky and the pressure of falling and being torn to shreds wasn’t helping. She saw a divot in the ground approaching fast and leapt over it, clearing the gap but stumbling on the landing, losing speed but not fully her balance, taking a few steps to steady herself. Rillet’s high note, low note whistle rang out, Quill gritted her teeth trying to push herself to gain speed, to recover. If they caught her without her sword out, she would lose. She could hear the zera behind her, slamming their clawed hands into the dirt, their snarls and growls getting closer.. closer. 

Rillet whistled three quick static notes. Quill turned to the side and stomped both of her feet down into the ground, sliding to a halt on the dirt and leaves, torquing all that inertial energy into twisting herself around to turn to face the zera mid leap in the air behind her. She pulled back her arm and Luminized the bandage wrapping on her hand – pouring more Lumens into it than she even had done with her sword – and with a blinding light and all of her strength she threw her weight forward and slammed her fist through the mouth of the zera diving at her, breaking through its fangs and crushing its head, exploding it with a sickening crunch into a spray of smoky viscera. 

Immediately Quill rolled to the side, no time to dwell on the pain in her hand, the other three zera bursting through the smoke cloud a second later. She pulled her blade from her sheath, still shining bright, and did her best to rise into a defensive position before they attacked. She was too late. One of the zera pounced on her, almost pushing Quill fully to the ground. She barely held herself upright, using the broad side of the sword to push back against the zera, shoving with her palm against the back of the blade desperately. The zera screamed as the Luminized metal was pressed against its skin, trails of smoke rising out of the contact points, its white eyes going wide with pain. She pushed the creature off and used that motion with the sword to transfer into a sloppy one handed swing as another zera from the side jumped at her. The blade struck shadowed flesh and tossed the creature away but didn’t do enough damage to kill it.

The first one she had pushed away recovered and pounced again, its terrible fangs were bared and ready to bite, thin wisps of smoke still rising off its body. Now in a standing position, Quill was able to sidestep out of the way this time, she heard the snap of its jaws as they clamped down and the frustrated sounding growl that came after. Before she could bring her sword down to counterattack, Rillet whistled twice. Quill almost didn’t have the time to move, she jumped to the side towards the direction of the call but still took a swipe of claws to her upper arm as another zera attacked and leapt at her from behind, grazing her as it was mid-flight then landing past her. Their fangs and claws were as sharp as any blade she had ever known and she didn’t need to see the blood pouring out of her arm to know she had been cut badly, she just didn’t know how deep. Rillet whistled her warning signal again, so this time instead of dodging Quill turned and brought her sword around with a heavy two-handed swipe, the one she nicked earlier was snapped out of the air with a heavy crunch, turning it to smoke. 

*Finally.*

If the zera kept up this pressure or if more kept spawning they would undoubtedly win, she had to find ways to take some control back or get away. Even if that meant taking more risks. Rillet’s danger call sounded again and Quill rushed towards the other two zera — already mid-pounce — her sword in a forward position. Quill caught one mid air, thrusting the shining blade through its chest, but at the same moment the other zera rammed into her legs sending her to the floor, her sword flying out of her hands. Smoke rained down on Quill as her back hit the ground hard, wind was completely knocked out of her. Gasping for breaths that wouldn’t come, she panicked, looking for her blade around her. The zera with the imprint of her Luminized blade burnt into its skin sauntered over, cautiously, fangs bared. 

Quill still struggled to breathe as she tried to back away in a crawl, looking about herself and feeling at the ground in her immediate area, desperately needing the safety of her sword in her hands. The zera finally moved to attack, razor sharp fangs ready to tear her apart. Just before the zera reached her face, Quill kicked upward right into its abdomen, sending the creature up and over her head. She rolled over, scanning the ground quickly, spotting her sword a few feet away, emitting its brilliant glow on the ground around it. She scrambled for it but the zera was faster to recover, jumping before Quill’s hand reached her sword. Quill tensed and prepared for the strike, but instead the zera hit the ground and tumbled over itself, screaming, a flash of something blue and feathery over one of its eyes. 

Rillet. 

Quill didn’t waste the time Rillet gave her and pushed herself up as quick as she could and lunged towards her sword. Rillet flew back up and out of reach of the beast as it jumped to try and claw her out of the air. One of the creature’s white eyes was gouged and it howled in pain and frustration, turning its attention to Quill and preparing to leap at her as she readied her shining blade. This time she was faster. Quill rammed the Luminized blade through the shoulder of the zera, ripping it clean through the neck — the scream was cut short as it finally tore apart into smoke. Quill stood for a moment, breathing heavily, watching the smoke rising up and around her sword, the last zera of the group dead.

Rillet landed on her shoulder, “Quill, it’s time to move. NOW.”

Quill looked up, seeing the edges of the darkness around her in the trees, as zera after zera started forward towards her, their white eyes burning in the dark, twisting the image into that of a  horrible starry sky. She stopped counting and ran. Rillet flew up off her shoulder, flying up and behind her to get a better view. Quill didn’t have time to sheath her blade and she ran awkwardly over the difficult terrain with the heavy sword in hand, heart in her throat, listening to the zera chase after her. She could see the sunlight drifting down just ahead now, the stream was close, she just had to go a little farther. She could hear the demons behind her screeching, snapping their jaws, the sounds of their innumerable claws scraping the dirt as they ran. Just a little farther. She could see the light reflect off the water now. Only a few more seconds. Quill’s vision tunneled, the sounds in her ears muted, she just focused on the way her feet hit the ground, the edge of luminance getting just within reach. A few more steps. 
A whistle cut through the silence.

Quill was slammed into from behind, knocking her to the ground, *hard*. The force of the impact on her back was so sudden and violent she didn’t even have time to catch her fall. It all happened so fast. She tensed herself for the next blow, to die face down in the sand, her life over. Instead she heard screeching and felt the pressure and weight lift off of her. She turned herself over quickly and saw the zera burning in the sunlight, evaporating into smoke. She had made it. For the first moment, laying on the ground she realized she was on the bed of the stream in the sand, bathed in the beautiful light of the seven suns. The zera at the treeline hissed and snarled, unwilling to approach and burn to death in the sunlight like the other had. Quill let out a sigh, then a small laugh, her brain unloading the senses of grief and despair and stress and giving way to relief and happiness. She couldn’t even believe it. 

Rillet fluttered down and landed on her shoulder again, rubbing her blue feathered head on Quill’s cheek. Quill closed her eyes, absorbing the heat of the sunlight filtered through the clouds, the sounds of the stream, the gentle weight of her friend on her shoulder, blocking out the sounds of the zera who stood just feet away, hissing and snarling. 

She squeezed her hand and pain shot up her arm. It was probably broken. She felt her upper arm, her hand immediately feeling the warmth of the blood that was pouring out of it. She’d have to wrap that too. She was probably bruised in a dozen places as well, everything hurt but the shock and adrenaline hadn’t entirely worn off yet. It’d get worse. The big takeaway was that she wasn’t healing. Her people healed wounds like this easily and yet here she was, actually *bleeding*. What a horrible and strange sensation it still was. She felt lucky to be alive, and yet the idea of the next few days sitting just upon the edge of the horizon terrified her. Lightwood was still a couple of days away. 
And an entire night.

