---
metaData: metaData
tags: "Artiem"
---

Artiem trudged through the snow, holding his jacket tight to himself, bracing against the wind. The path was dark save for the glow of his life lantern. Any lights calling out to him from the sky above were silenced by the snow and fog bearing down upon him in its limitless white blanket. Despite everything he was warm. Artiem tugged on his jacket, shying away from the powerful wind, but sweating at the same time, cursing at his discomfort. Life lanterns only had one mode: Hot. How he wished sometimes he could just let go of the damned thing. If anything his grip on the lantern cage tightened, no, he wouldn’t let go. Life lanterns were a blessing; a gift. So Artiem kept pushing, wiping beads of sweat from his forehead in the snowstorm. 

The silhouette of a house came loosely into focus, dark on dark against the raging storm. Artiem squinted against the grainy vision the night offered him, and while difficult, he found familiarity in the form looming in the dark before him. He entered the tiny cabin, snow falling off his clothes and to the creaking floorboards below him. The room was small, there was only space for a table with two chairs sat in the middle, one occupied. 

The man reading at the table gently set down his book and adjusted his glasses. “You’re late.” He said, locking eyes with Artiem. “Any trouble?”

Artiem shook his head, “Just the wind.” He said. 

“The wind?”

Artiem nodded, “The wind.” He repeated.

The man, unimpressed, drew his eyes away from Artiem, picking up his book again. “You know she won’t be happy.”

“I know.” Artiem said softly. 

The man turned the page of his book. “Go on then.”

Artiem walked around the small setup of table and chairs to the door at the back of the room, his life lantern jingling quietly. He opened the back door of the little cabin to see not a closet or even the outside, with its snow and wind, but a vast room he couldn’t see the end of. Stone pillars lined an open hallway running down the center of the room, connecting floor to a ceiling he couldn’t see. He stepped through, fighting a few moments of vertigo, and listening to the sounds of the storm disappear behind him with the click of the door resting into place. Artiem walked forward into the massive space, sweat dripping off the sides of his head and dropping to the bricks below. At least this part wouldn’t slow him down. There was no wind.