---
metaData: metaData
tags: "Sellira Modin"
---

Workaholics don’t appreciate the idea of rest like the rest of us, they view it as wasted time. Ever aware of that ticking clock over their heads, that period of rest would be drenched with anxiety and unease. This otherwise nice afternoon would be marred by the idea they could’ve gotten ahead on some projects, or at least done something productive. Sellira was no different. As she ran down the ornate halls, her schedule notepad clutched to her chest, the only thing she could think of doing with her free hour of leisure was to work. After six and a half grueling minutes of running she finally unlocked the door to her little room and stepped inside, her brief break quickly leaking out of her fingers. She was aware of how little time she actually had, her next overseeing obligation being set fairly far away on castle grounds. 

She kicked off her terrible shoes off her aching feet and crawled over to her bed, pulling the small bound booklet out from underneath the bed frame. She unstrapped the little graphite stick from the side and flipped to the last page she had worked on. The notebook page was filled with a rough map of the castle proper itself, notes strewn about between hallways and rooms. For the last several weeks she had worked on this rough outline. It was difficult since she had only her memory to rely on and she could only work on this in the safety and privacy of her own room, just always hoping she could remember the details long enough until her brutal shifts were over. She knew there were tunnels in the castle, hidden pathways she knew Modin would use to escape if he ever were in danger or if the castle itself were under siege, but not even she was trusted with the information of where they were hidden. Modin didn’t fully trust her and for once his paranoia finally paid off. There had to be gaps in the structure somewhere, with the size of the castle complex it would make sense. Modin couldn’t always count on being near his personal quarters if he were in danger, the most obvious choice for a secret exit, but looking into that one was out of the question.

So she worked for weeks, labeling and measuring each hallway with the number of paces she walked. Half of her time spent in this damned castle was walking, she had gotten good at using her time effectively, working in the downtime. It was rare her duties brought her to the south side of the castle, so she desperately scribbled her notes before they slipped from her memory. She figured there had to be an entrance in each major section of the castle but even as she notated she doubted one would ever be this far south and this close to the docking bay, they would probably be more inlaid into the structure.

A sound made her freeze, the jiggle of her doorknob. She looked over, seeing a shadow underneath the door. She kept her mouth closed, they didn’t try to knock, they tried to open it. No one was supposed to ever enter her room, not even the maids. Ever. A chill took hold of her, the shadow still present, standing in front of her locked door. Why weren’t they leaving? Had they finally come for her? Did Modin find out? Her fingers stiff holding her booklet she breathed out slowly, trying to stop the panic. No. They didn’t know she was here, she was supposed to be overseeing the docking bay right now. Whatever this person was doing, they were betting on her NOT being here. She heard clicking sounds, the knob jiggling again, they were picking it!

As quickly as she could while making as little noise as possible she slid herself underneath the bed frame, pulling her arms and legs close to her body, making herself small. A moment later a large thunk resounded in the room, the lock was picked. The door creaked open and she covered her mouth, trying to silence her breathing as best as she could. The shadow carefully stepped into the room with slow heavy footfalls, the door closed behind them, then again the familiar thunk of the lock sliding into place. She silently prayed she could stay quiet enough, her skin running cold watching the shoes step around the bed slowly, she realized they were trying to be quiet too. What this person was doing was methodical and dangerous, they would kill her if they found her. Neither of them wanted to be caught.

She heard her bedside cabinet open off to her right, the rustle of her trinkets and things being looked through, she strained so hard to be still. To breathe. They were searching for something. She subconsciously held her booklet closer to herself. The sound of the cabinet drawer shut closed with a little thud, then footsteps, once again the figure’s shoes came into her vision. The red stripe around the bottom edge of the shoe, this person was a servant! Specifically not one of the maids or cleaning crew, but someone under her responsibility. She swallowed quietly, this was someone she knew.

The figure moved over to her trunk, bending down and opening it. She wanted so badly to slide forward just a bit, to see more, to know who it was, but she couldn’t. The blankets on her bed draped over the side just allowing enough space for her to see the person’s shoes, probably the only reason she hadn’t yet been found. They were going through her clothes, specifically not throwing things about, but carefully searching. They didn’t want their efforts to be noticed – another chill ran up her spine. What were they looking for?

The trunk thudded closed, the figure stood up again, pacing around the room slowly to her left. One precise footfall after another. She closed her eyes, silently pleading. *Please don’t look under the bed. Please.* The steps stopped just beside her bed, Sellira’s heart paced faster through the silence, agonizingly waiting – expecting – for the person to just look under the bed. To see her. To kill her. 

She heard the intruder pull at the drawer on her desk and she silently exhaled. She hadn’t even realized she was holding her breath for so long. Her shallow desk drawer was locked but she knew that wouldn’t stop them, and soon enough she heard the familiar clicks of metal on metal and the distinct louder click of the lock opening. She heard the sounds of papers and booklets being moved about, fingers leafing through pages. She was startled by the sound of paper ripping, then the rough sounds of it being folded quickly. They had found the thing they wanted. The drawer was shut quickly after and she could hear the sound of them picking the lock back into place. Such a calculated intent. Sellira watched as the figure moved to the door, unlocked it and left, the door creaking shut. She didn’t move, seeing the shadow underneath the doorway still, she didn’t even take a breath.

The now familiar sounds of the lockpicks filled her ears, then the sound of the lock sliding back into place. The shadow finally moved away from the door and she strained her hearing waiting for the footsteps to vanish. She counted to ten before finally taking a gasp of air and scrambling out from under the bed, already reaching for her desk drawer. She wiped away tears running down her face with her sleeve as she poured through the papers, looking for the marks of torn pages. She held up her backup schedule book, running her fingers across several stumps of missing pages on the bindings. These pages held the complete castle schedules for the full staff and crew for one full day. 
Three days from today.