---
metaData: metaData
tags: "Jade Onyx Diamond Eden The-Gift"
---

Jade didn’t fit in.
As Jade and Onyx walked, crowds gave them wide berths and odd stares, born seemingly more from respect than anything else. It was almost unheard of to see councilors down on the streets, people just didn’t know how to react. Some flavor of passive reverence was default. Jade glanced down at her pristine white robes the first time she noticed the extra attention, it was a pretty stark contrast to the drab browns and greys everyone seemed to wear — she supposed she should’ve thought of that before leaving the Atrium. She never was in love with the metaphorical spotlight but here the figurative sense had been dropped, their robes seemed almost reflective under the bright everlights. Jade and Onyx had become beacons. 

A few of the more devout and respectful gave bows and called thanks — weirdly more to Onyx — but mostly it was concern she saw on the faces of Eden’s people. Grave expressions and whispers were the loudest sounds on the street tonight. All asking with their eyes what she was going to do to help them. 

Jade and Onyx were headed towards the east point district station and it became all the more obvious the further they walked that the flow of foot traffic was directed away from this edge of the city. Crowds started to thin out and became hurried, Jade had never seen such a wide scale panic setting in like this, even if it carried such a quiet air of defeat. It was odd in that way.

“No one wants to be on the side of the city that falls.” Onyx said, breaking the silence between them, noticing Jade watching the crowds as well. “Not that it’d matter, if The Gift does fail there’ll be nothing left.” 

“Why did you leave with me?” Jade asked. “Clearly you’re not as pessimistic as you’re coming across, otherwise you wouldn’t be here.” Jade watched as a family scuttled by, carrying bags of what looked like clothes. Where would these people even go? 

“I could ask you the same question.” He said. “It’s harder to interpret someone’s motivations when they stay silent during meetings, then suddenly storm off on some rebellious venture.”

“Deflection doesn’t suit you.” Jade said, giving him a look. 

Onyx gave her a flat stare back. There was emotion hidden there somewhere. “I agreed with the notion you raised, about bureaucracy sometimes getting in the way of answers..” he said, looking forward again, “as much as the rest of the council may resent that. We can’t solve all Eden’s problems from behind a desk.”

Onyx was usually very vocal in council matters so his sentiment came as a surprise. Why work so hard in meetings if you view it as futile? “Do you think we can ‘solve’ The Gift failing then?” Jade asked. “Do you have some idea or theory you think could change the trajectory of this?”

“No.” Onyx said. 

“Then why are you here?” 

“Because that isn’t the only problem to solve.” 

Up ahead the east point district station had finally broken into view as the two rounded a corner. It was destroyed. Everywhere she looked she saw something that seemed either mangled or burnt. Heavy machinery was being employed to straighten out the platforms and lift new ones back into place, but that would do little to repair the extent of the damage.
These bandage repairs would simply make this place usable, it would be a long time before it reclaimed its beauty. The giant energy shield that hugged the city, the Gift, hung above them and watched, its humming glow ever present against the darkness behind it. 

“It’s worse than I thought.” Onyx said.

It was much worse. No wonder the people were scared. The reports did little to offer a clear picture of this place as it currently stood. Immediately some of the arguments she had heard in the Atrium seemed beyond juvenile. Who was even in charge of reporting to the council? They spent too long debating theories children would imagine. 

Onyx knelt down and picked up a piece of metal, something that looked like it could’ve been a part of a railing. Jade watched him look it over in his hands.

“Do you ever believe there’s a purpose to these kinds of tragedies? Do you think God wanted this?” Onyx asked. “Two people died. Not a single councilor brought that up in the meeting.” The metal seemed warped, discolored. Likely extreme heat. Interesting. “No one cares.” He said. “The people who decide the future only care about themselves.”

That was true. Not one councilor had even mentioned it. Jade felt a prick of discomfort at that — she hadn’t even thought to check casualty reports herself. She didn’t think it was relevant. To be honest she still didn’t. But she did miss an angle of discovery, and that was uncomfortable. She was surprised not even Beryl said anything, for all his good natured guilting he was doing, he hadn’t even tried to drop that on the council’s conscience as a motivator to continue arguments. Guess there was no point. The council may have lost their humanity long ago, maybe Onyx was right about that. But perhaps that was a good thing. They were being more objective, for as much as Onyx would hate to hear it. It wasn’t about two people, the council’s perspective was centered around the entirety of Eden. Two people were inconsequential. Eden was life. Continuation. They were lucky only two people had died. It was irrelevant to the core issue that any had. They had a problem on their hands despite it. 

Onyx had only even mentioned this because she was often silent during meetings and he didn’t know the way she thought, not really. He thought there was potential she could agree. He was seeking moral alliances. Jade knew how it would seem to him though if she’d oppose, she’d seem callous, removed. Inhuman. How do you tell someone that a person’s life doesn’t matter without sounding malevolent?

So she said nothing. Like with Diamond’s eager theological extremism, Onyx’s perspective was valuable, it was better not to attempt to dissuade him of it. Besides, this wasn’t the place to argue. They had the Atrium for that.

Onyx dropped the piece of metal and stood up. “So is this what you came for? Just to see it?”

Jade looked out over the station again. This place wasn’t blown up. There wasn’t anything residual to indicate as such. It was heated, warped, like the entire place was struck by lightning. Her eyes focused on The Gift, idling in the background above her. 

“I want a closer look.” She said.

“At what?” Onyx said, trying to follow her gaze. “The main station or?”

“The Gift itself.”
