---
metaData: metaData
tags: "Quill Rillet Lightwood The-Darkest"
---

Light was life.

It was just the way of things.

Quill sat on the sand of the stream’s bed, staring at the suns behind the clouds dip deeper into the horizon. Quill’s attention was focused on Io, Her indigo light always fascinated Quill, seeming just darker than the other suns and yet just as vibrant somehow, just as important. Quill looked around herself at the rest of the sky but the trees’ canopies blocked most of it, the ring of suns was beautiful when you were able to properly see it, somewhere up high.

She had wrapped herself up well enough so at least the bleeding had stopped, but she wasn't in any condition to travel in her current state. A new experience, all of it. Interesting how limiting it was to not be able to heal. She had taken a lot for granted it seems.

Rillet fluttered down from the branch of a nearby tree, landing gently on Quill's shoulder. "Are you sure about this?" She said, cocking her head.

Quill smiled despite the pain. Everything ached, not just the cuts and bruises and broken bones, her spirit too. Perhaps that one cut through the rest. It scared her. "It'll be okay, Rill." she said, petting Rillet's little blue head with her finger, feathers so soft to the touch. "Nothing to worry about." She whispered.

Rillet cooed softly, and Quill could almost see the little bird smile. Smiles were never about the mouth, or the teeth, it was always about the eyes. The way Rillet would gently close her eyes in just the right way, the way her feathers would sit, the way her head reached out just the tiniest bit forward. She would miss Rillet's little smile.

Quill pulled back her hand and reached into her pocket, the ache of the motion causing her to clench her jaw; every bit of movement was a mix of sharp and dull pain. Like a weapon blunt but pointy in all the right places. Quill held up a small treat between her fingers, "Be good out there, Rill. Promise me."

The little blue bird bobbed her head.

Quill smiled again, weaker than before, and gave her best friend the little treat.

"I'll be back soon." Rillet said, fluttering her wings. "Stay safe."

Quill watched as Rillet launched off her shoulder and into the air, twirling upward and out of sight over the canopy of the trees. They both had agreed it would be best for Rillet to search for help rather than stay with Quill. It was the right choice, the most pragmatic, efficient, and purposeful. And yet seeing Rillet fly away into the sunset only made Quill's heart ache, a pain more familiar than her newer wounds, and yet it felt so much more novel with Rillet, like she had been gutted in a new way. More tangible, more terrible. Quill's eyes cast towards the edge of the horizon, seeing the light of the seven suns all bleed across the sky around her in every direction. Every corner of the sky in every direction painted in its own color from its own sun, each sun's hue mixing with the ones closest. It was always beautiful, the way the lights danced and played in the sky. The gentle moment before dusk where the kingdom above her sung in harmony.

Quill wasn't a fan of metaphor, but even she could see the cheap joke. The suns were setting on her after all. She grinned despite it all, perhaps deliriously. Did she hope Rillet would come back? Yes, she did. Of course she did. She’d never wanted anything more in her life. But as she sat, Quill tried her best to convince herself of the opposite. For Rillet to find happiness and safety without her, somewhere, somehow. Rillet deserved more than her. She knew she was lying to herself, even as she laid back against the rocks and closed her eyes. She wanted Rillet to find her way back, she wanted to see her again. She wanted to live.

And yet some choices weren't made out of desire and action, but out of apathy and the slippage of time. Some things weren’t really choices at all. Quill laid in the riverbed, listening to the sounds of the stream beside her as the forest around her drifted slowly into darkness.

Rillet was fast. She had always known so. She was the best at catching worms and grub, even if the other birds harped on her. They were just jealous. The other birds didn't have friends, they didn't have a reason to fly fast. Rillet dove down and built up speed, feeling herself cut through the air. She just had to find help. Somewhere. The settlement they had been heading towards, Lightwood, was still hours away by foot; those people would never make it back to Quill in time. No, somewhere closer first. But flying in Lightwood’s direction, well, that was two worms for one bird maybe.

People didn't much live in the forests, too many trees, too leafy. Too dark. But sometimes, rarely, you could find camps, cleared out spaces with light and defenses. Crazy people. But right now, important people.

Rillet swung up high and flattened out, scanning the area. Trees. All trees as far as the eye could see. There had to be something, someone. She twirled up and spun, looking about herself, the beautiful rainbow of the colorful suns setting all around her. There was no time to appreciate the sky. Not when your friend is in trouble.

Rillet focused on the breaks in the canopies, the flow of the stream, the lay of the land. Anywhere someone would stay, build, survive. Forest was big, dangerous. Maybe too big, too dangerous. She narrowed her eyes, trying her best to hone in her sight. It was no use. Forest was empty of people. No buildings, no lights. She flew for what seemed like too long, frustration building. Despair clawing at her. Time slipping away. It was all just a sea of ever darkening trees.

Then a sound. Rillet flattened out trying to be silent. She strained her hearing, listening, and her eyes darted everywhere, scanning for the source. What was that? Again. A sound from below, from the trees. She dove lower and circled down towards it, and again it resounded from the forest. This time Rillet was able to make out part of it. It was a bird’s call.

Rillet dove, spiraling down towards the ground as fast as she was able. A blue streak in the sky. It didn’t take long to find the origin of the calls, a group of several massive dark birds with grey beaks. Scavengers. Rillet twirled down and softened her landing on a branch, trying to stay quiet, looking down at the scavengers cawing in glee at their findings. Bad things happened here. Recently too. Seemed like it was a campsite, it didn’t seem well defended. A fire pit still kicked embers up in the center of it, but otherwise no walls. No cover. No light. Several bodies — or what was left of them — were strewn amongst the forest floor, connected by puddles of blood. Fools.

The large scavengers pecked and ripped at the remains, sending out victory calls between each other as they did so. These birds were lucky today. But maybe this wasn’t much as luck for them in a place so dangerous. Events like these probably weren't that uncommon. Probably always a fool or two in the forest. The feeling of urgency did not leave Rillet as she watched the scavengers feast. And neither did it budge the sense of despair she had felt in the skies just moments ago. She was looking for campers like these. For help. Fools they may be, to be in this place, but she needed a fool alive. There was hope there were more

One of the scavengers pulled at a tendon from one of the campers, stretching it, straining. It snapped. Rillet jumped at the sound. The other scavengers laughed and cawed. Carefully she hopped quietly on her branch a few feet closer, getting a better look. These birds were dangerous.. but maybe they knew something. Knew where help could be. Rillet was blessed with a gift after all. To speak. It was time to be brave and use it.

Rillet took a breath and dove down into the clearing, wings wide, feathers puffed. She landed on the end of a spear that was driven into the ground, sitting above the scavengers as they feasted. The giants all looked up slowly at Rillet, their small white and black eyes piercing through her. She swallowed, these were not friendly creatures. A scavenger snapped their hooked beak, a piece of a camper disappearing into their maw.

“Do any of you know where I can.. find people?” Rillet asked, confidence immediately disappearing.

One of the scavengers slowly craned their long neck to look at the unfortunate soul they were eating.

“Alive people.” Rillet corrected.

“Now.. why would I tell you that?” The scavenger with the darkest colors at the front of the pack spoke.

“Because I need help. Please..” Rillet locked eyes with the Darkest one, looking for empathy from her words. She found emptiness.

“I ain’t never seen a bird like you before. Small and blue like that. What does a small blue bird need any help with anyway?” the Darkest said, narrowing his eyes. “I bet you’re trouble. Right as we find a feast and you’re clawing us away from it. There’s nothin’ we or anyone else can help you with that ain’t right here. Find some other fool to steal from, little blue.”

“Please, I don’t want your.. feast.” Rillet pleaded, her eyes flashing to the puddles of blood and viscera. “I need people. Weapons.”
Another scavenger, with perhaps the baldest head out of the group, spoke next. “What does little blue want with weapons? To kill people? Make more food?”

“NO!” Rillet was starting to become frustrated with these creatures. “To kill the darkness, to protect people. I’m running out of time. Please.” She couldn’t help but notice the sky as she said it, its colors bleeding away.

“You’re talkin’ to the wrong ones then, little blue.” The Darkest said. “The dark ones are our providers, the people.. our provisions. Your ways are backwards. I’m not sure how one like you lives out here.”
Rillet couldn’t help but notice the other scavengers were slowly circling her as the Darkest spoke. Their eyes dangerous, their steps precise. Rillet was no stranger to tactics, it seems even for scavengers neither were they. She prepared herself to launch.

“I’ll answer your question though, little blue.” The Darkest said, making Rillet pause. “Provisions have been.. low. This,” he said, gesturing to the bodies with a wave of his massive wing, “was a boon. People don’t make their way out here that often. And if time is your concern, then you’re out of luck. Closest anyone is is probably a day's flight. Maybe more.”
Rillet’s little heart sank at the words. Out of luck. The sound of dirt being flicked made Rillet jump and launch forward, but she was too late. She had let her guard down for just a moment too long. One of the scavengers, with the fluffiest feathers, grabbed her and slammed her down to the ground, pinning her with its large sharp claw. She flapped her wings and tried to wriggle out of its grasp but there was no use. The claw constricted her tight, making her yelp.
“Now, it seems *our* luck has more than doubled.” The Darkest one said. “We have this feast, as glorious as it is, but now you’re telling us, little blue, another is about to begin? As soon as that sky turns dark your people are going to die. We’re *all* going to sit patiently together and wait for the dark ones to be finished. And then..” the Darkest one leaned his long neck down to Rillet, a smile forming with rotting breath, “you’re going to show us where.”