---
metaData: metaData
tags: "Jade Onyx Eden Diamond The-Gift"
---

“I hadn’t pegged you for being insane.” Onyx said, picking up his pace to catch up to Jade.

“Surprises are good things.” Jade said. She was approaching the edge of the station walkways currently being supported. Unfortunately even at their furthest, the metal platforms only reached so far over the edge of the city, hundreds of feet of void still sat as an obstacle. The void ran in a ring around Eden between the city and The Gift, no one knew how deep it was. No one bothered to know. God had told them to build with the land that was given to them in Eden. So they did. 

“Honestly I don’t even feel safe entering this area at all.” Onyx said. “What happens if The Gift..” he looked around at the devastation, “releases this level of energy again?”

Jade supposed that was the running hypothesis after all. Her hands clenched the railing. So interesting how fear induced such quick conclusions. They probably weren't wrong though, The Gift seemed responsible and they had no idea if it could happen again. Or rather when. She did not conscribe to Diamond’s level of faith though. Jade just knew interference on their part was needed to stop further degeneration of The Gift’s power. If not they’d all be dead. Despite that, both her and Onyx didn’t need to die here today, right? “Then leave.” She said, leaning over the railing, looking out towards the shield.

For what it’s worth he seemed to actually consider the offer. “No.” He said, eventually. “Whatever you’re doing, I’m admittedly too curious to leave you to it.”

Well, she gave him a choice after all. Jade looked back, “Good. Because this isn’t close enough and we need to convince someone to let us use one of the cranes.”

Onyx turned around, and both watched a crane operator in the distance, using the massive machine to place a large metal beam back into place. “It won’t reach.” He said. “The gap is still hundreds of feet. The crane is what,” He tilted his head, “maybe forty laterally at most? You wouldn’t be able to see much more than what you’re already seeing.” 

He was right. Unfortunately. She leaned her forearms on the railing and watched the construction crews work. This was a rare opportunity, so many time windows were lining up for her here. Wasting it would be a sin in itself. She had wanted to inspect The Gift up close for a long time, but the council forbade her from tinkering. There were rules in place. For a councilor. Ridiculous. She bit at her lip while thinking, staring at the back of Onyx’s head. Could she trust him? 

No. 

She decided it quickly. Onyx did what he thought was right and they did not see eye to eye on that definition. If he thought she was wrong, at the very least he’d say something. So for now she would lead him by curiosity, that was best for the both of them. Perhaps there was time to build bridges with him later about their grander ideals. Wait-
Jade jumped back off the rail and started jogging towards the cranemen, fire in her step. She didn’t slow for Onyx, she knew he’d follow. Convincing the cranemen was easy. She was a councilor. A figure of almost deific stature and authority within Eden, though saying it in those words wasn’t very theologically correct, but it was true. Before long — and most importantly without many questions — the cranemen had set up a bridge from the east point station over the void and all the way up to the glowing godly energy barrier that enclosed everything. The Gift. 
 
Jade was lucky. The station just had all the replacement platforms delivered to slot into the city framework. Eden was built to be modular, it was efficient that way given the limited space. If something were to be repurposed, it was easier to slot in and out platforms and foundations. If the accident here hadn’t occurred this opportunity would’ve never fallen into her lap. The metal frames and bridges were all made with well-steel so they held up over the void without any supporting structure built underneath, just relying on the rest of Eden’s framework to hold it in place. It was stronger and lighter than other metals and almost all of Eden was made with it — obviously, they could generate it infinitely. The cranes had placed each segment, latched them into place, and drove down the self forming bridge to place the next. It looked almost gravity defying, the metal platforms lined up, a perfectly flat bridge of well-steeled platforms leading across the void like a ruler hanging off a table. At most the platforms had to be an inch thick but were as wide as roads. She had never recalled seeing any bridges ever set up like this and had never known people to cross the void. There was no reason to. Until now. 

Jade walked down the bridge, Onyx at her side. She knew what The Gift looked like. She had seen it all her life. And yet she supposed she never saw her mother’s face zoomed in at a microscopic level either. That’s how it felt approaching The Gift’s energy field, one step at a time, closer than she’d ever been, seeing all of the little pores of energy, the cells working. It was magnificent. It almost looked like water with electricity running throughout it. She felt like there were patterns to how it moved but they were too fast to even think about. 

She had stopped about half way, pulling herself away from the image to look down over the railing, the void below sat unchanging. Uninteresting. Black. Everything was darkness. It was boring. The void that sat ringing the city, the world out beyond The Gift. It was all dark, all uninteresting. Only Eden and The Gift were light. Life.

“I’m sure this is against every single regulation that the council has ever brought into law.” Onyx said.

“And yet you’re here.” Jade said, absently picking one of her loose hairs off her robe and watching it fall into the void. 

“Diamond and Peridot would have our robes.”

Jade turned and looked at Onyx. “And how would they know?”

Onyx’s face was impossible to read. As always. 

“They’d get mad at most.” Jade said, walking down the bridge again. “They don’t like when people make actionable decisions without them. Maybe decision’s the wrong word. I’m simply just taking ‘investigative initiative.’”

“I’ll stay here.” Onyx said, sounding far. 

Jade turned and realized he had stopped following her. 

“I’ll have some account of deniability.” He said. “It’s worth more than my curiosity. If we were to actually see something. I mean really see something. Experience anything beyond the mundane.. I would tell them. I’d have to. Because it’d change everything.”

They locked eyes, wind whipping at their robes as they stood on that lonesome bridge apart from one another. “Maybe it’d be something worth telling them.” Jade said. 

“I’m guessing that’s not what you want.”

Jade smiled. She hadn’t given him enough credit. He was paying attention after all.

“It’s a win win. I get what I want and you get your accountability.” Jade said. “Well almost a full win, you had to sacrifice your curiosity for the both of us.”

“It can wait.” Onyx said. Slowly he turned himself around to face the city, “Go on then. I’ll be here.”

Jade wasted no time. How perfect everything had been. She never thought she’d get this far, and yet she stood at the end of the world, alone, exactly as she wanted. No one looking over her shoulder, telling her what to do. She felt free out here. She supposed it was the furthest from anyone any person had been in a long time with how compact Eden was. The Gift was surging in power constantly, she could feel the static as she approached it. Remarkably the air felt cooler here, not warmer. She expected to almost be burned. Like liquid energy the shield ebbed and swirled, creating a beautiful translucent mesmerization. Kaleidoscopic almost. How long had it been since someone had gazed this closely upon its tides? She longed to touch it. A whisper from the void, she knew she’d die instantly. Evaporated into pure energy like the shadows that flung themselves into it, trying their best to breach the energy shield into Eden day in and out.

She understood them, whatever they were. She shared a kinship in that she was sure The Gift was just as beautiful to both of their eyes. Jade reached out a hand towards the pulsing flow of energy, just trying to feel the coolness it exuded, to feel its power. To know its secrets. 

If her people could understand The Gift. If they could use it and not just hide behind it.. perhaps Eden wouldn’t have to be the last city. Expansion could be possible. If only they knew. Perhaps part of the secret was linked to why it had faltered — if that was what happened. It was hard to imagine anything this imbued with God had wavered in its purpose. And yet she stood here, at the edge of the world, wanting so desperately for it to be true. Because if it was, she might just learn its secrets and expand the world. 

The Gift disappeared.

It happened so instantly and without warning Jade couldn’t even process it. There was light, energy, abundance. Then nothing but blackness staring back at her. She blinked against the darkness, confused, her hand extended out to nothing. What she was looking at seemed to be shifting, her eyes remembering the lovely patterns The Gift exalted in. She didn’t even notice the sounds at first. The wailing. Her soul felt cold and hollow, hearing the cries of a billion demons.

Something jumped out of the darkness and slammed into Jade, throwing her backwards onto the platform. She hit the metal hard. A being of pure darkness sat on her, snarling, screaming. Fangs dripping something. Eyes of pure white. Instincts took over, not paralysis. She grabbed the creature by the neck and did her best to force it away from her, but it was strong, stronger than any person. She moved her head out of the way as it overpowered her, it reached for a bite. She was pinned though. She didn’t dodge as well as she’d hoped, the creature snapped its jaws and she felt the warm blood on her scalp immediately. She felt the claws of this demon ripping into her arms as it held her against the metal. Jade screamed out in pain. 

The creature pulled back, ready to strike again. Something large hit the shadow, toppling it off of Jade. A figure in a white robe. 

The shadow hissed and reared back, launching itself forward now at Onyx. For someone so large, Onyx moved quickly, rolling to the side and dodging the assault from the creature. Albeit barely. Onyx though still had to recover, the creature didn’t. It was faster. It pounced again before Onyx found his footing and pushed him towards the edge of the platform, against the railing. Jade cried out as the shadow sunk its claws into Onyx. It was like their bodies were nothing to these creatures. They sliced through their skin like air.

She had to do something. Move. 

Onyx rebuffed the creature barely, pushing it off of him, pulling himself back. The creature reared again, screaming, its white eyes narrowed. It leaped. Jade intercepted it midair and pushed with as much force as she had, throwing the shadow off target and over the railing, just past Onyx, down into the void. It screamed as it fell. 

Onyx and Jade shared a look. It was time to go. 

Onyx’s eyes went wide as his attention focused beyond Jade. She turned, seeing several of the creatures stalk up to the absent space where The Gift’s otherworldly presence once sat. They couldn’t run. They can’t. They were going to die here. Everyone was. The creatures all leaped in unison. 

The Gift reappeared. 

Blinding and brilliant and beautiful as it had ever been. It reappeared. Jade didn’t even realize the shadows that had leapt had turned to dust until she lowered her shaking hands and saw the smoke billowing up. She squinted against the light, once again feeling very small. Feeling that overwhelming energy. It was the presence of God. She had just simply never felt the absence of it until just a moment ago. The Gift was truly divinity beyond her understanding. A hand on her forearm pulled her away from it, Onyx ushering her back to the city on that lonesome bridge across the void. Still she looked back as she let Onyx drag her. Letting the flows and patterns of The Gift fade into an endless ocean in her vision. She ran with feet that felt too heavy, she looked forward feeling the weight of the world pressing against her. Feeling the panic constrict her heart in ways she’d never felt before. The Gift was failing.
