---
metaData: metaData
tags: "Lor Jem"
---

“Why do you bother?”

“Hm?” Lor looked up from his carving, “with what?”

Jem scoffed, “why do you think you’re going to get chosen for Acolyte,” she pointed at the carving, “for _that_?”

“Oh, well.. I guess it’s not for that.” Lor inspected his little miniature, holding it up in the candlelight, “it’s for me.”

“What?”

“Not everything has to be for someone else, Jem. Some things can just be. Because you enjoy them — because it makes you happy.” Lor resumed carving, the small wood shavings falling to the floor. “I think that’s enough of a reason.”

“You have a royal talent test in three days,” Jem said, raising her voice, “if it doesn’t make you happy to pass _that_ then why the fuck are you even here? Go back to the fields like the other ingrates and let _us_ continue to push the ministry forward.”

Lor sighed. “Do you know why Father Pindin invited me into the ministry?”

Jem’s top lip twitched, and she looked away, not answering. 

“I’ll take it you didn’t know.” Lor dusted the wood scrapings off his apron and stood up, carefully setting his carving on the table next to him. “I was personally taken in as a special interest by the highest order. Plucked from the ‘fields’ because I showed promise. Clearly you feel.. some sort of jealousy that others of my creed are coming here to steal your place.” Lor leaned in, “you’d be right. Being born into nobility is no longer a good enough reason for the ministry, Jem. And clearly, you still struggle with your talents. I’d feel pity if you weren’t so rude. Born into everything and yet still forced to claw your way up the ladder one painful and uncertain rung at a time. Why is it so hard for you to comprehend that someone like me actually deserves to be here? And deserves it more than you?” 

“I-” 

“And what’s even more pathetic,” Lor continued, “you don’t even see purpose in enjoyment. _Frivolities._ Because you spend every waking moment just trying to catch up. And you’re STILL behind. Do everyone a favor and learn to be more introspective. If you wanted to do something good for the ministry you would personally walk yourself out and stop wasting everyone’s time.”

Jem’s stare could melt iron. Lor held it. 

“You weren’t supposed to be here.” She said. 

“Neither were you.” Lor whispered. 

Jem stamped her foot before turning around and walking out of the room. Lor sighed and sat back down on the stool, lifting up his little carving and wiping it down with a rag. 