---
metaData: metaData
tags: "Falden The-Gift "
---

Tonight the city was in danger.
Falden took a swig of his spirits and leaned forward against the outer railing of the station post. He’d make sure everyone was in danger. The world was in danger as long as he was in it. Another long drink until his bottle was empty. Falden threw the glass off the edge of the station, watching it disappear into nothing. He’d never hear the bottle crash, it would just keep falling. How frustrating. Falden slammed his fist against the railing, just wanting to break something, anything. He needed some release. Some control. Nothing made sense anymore after she left, he had nothing. He was nothing. Everything he thought life was was ripped away from him in a single moment in a small city apartment living room when she said those horrible heart wrenching words.

He grabbed his head and pulled the short hair he had left, feeling the anger, the pain, feeling the pit in his stomach ache and twist, just begging to feel anything else. Stop. He had to stop thinking about her. Please. The familiar whir and spark of the energy shield thankfully pulled his attention forward, the massive barrier hanging out in the void glowed a violent, protective crimson against the darkness as it zapped away would-be intruders. The Gift. Another contingent of shadows had flung themselves against the shield hoping to push their way into the city, to slaughter what was left. They dissolved into dust instead. Falden wondered how that would feel, to puff into dust. He reached out a hand against the night, towards the energy shield that hung hundreds of feet away from where he stood at the very edge of the city. Maybe if it were closer. Maybe he would. 
It would at least be quick.

An ear splitting crack broke the night and a streak of red arced through the air, traveling up the edge of the barrier and across the ceiling of the shield’s dome. A storm of massive sparks and embers filled the sky and began raining down upon the station platform. Falden, perhaps hopelessly, shielded his face with his arms, stumbling backwards away from the railing. Most fizzled out before arrival but a few electrical bolts slammed against the platform walkway, exploding as they made contact with the metal. The railing in front of Falden turned orange and burst into a blinding white light. He felt himself lift in the air and then hit the ground hard, his vision occluded by a bright afterimage surrounded by darkness; he was blinded. He laid on his back while terrifying cracks of electric power exploded around him, covering his head, too scared to move. His vision returned slowly to see a warped platform, dipping slightly downward towards the darkness below. Falden panicked, shuffling away, trying to make as much space as possible between himself and the edge where the railing once stood. 

Flashes erupted around him as he turned to get up and run towards the controller building, though he wasn’t steady on his feet and the ground not being level caused him to sway and barely catch himself. He heard the platform groan — then a thunderous SNAP — and the floor’s edge dipped down further towards oblivion. Faldren screamed and scrambled against the now severe tilt, falling hard against the metal and crawling, struggling against gravity’s call. Barely, amidst the bangs and sparks, he clawed and dragged himself over the platform’s edge onto the level concrete ground of the controller’s deck. Falden turned to see the storm of energy still raging, flinging out massive embers and electric bolts over the station — it seemed to be just this slice of the shield, arcs still racing up and down its length from the depths of the void to the ceiling. 

Then the shield flickered. 

For just a brief moment the safety of the world, the ever present guardian angel — the Gift — was gone. The slice disappeared and in that moment the sound of a billion wailing shadows made its way into the city, to Falden’s ears. A horrible discordant soul wrenching noise, a feeling he had never felt before, like it permeated his flesh and scraped against the very core of his being. 

And then the shield came back. 

Falden couldn’t move. He just continued to sit and process, waiting for the entire dome to fall. Waiting for the world to end.
But it didn’t. 
Those sounds.. he needed to get someone. Tell anyone. He pulled himself to his feet and ran as best as he could.
Tonight the city was in danger. 
