---
metaData: metaData
tags: "Jade Onyx Citrine Peridot Diamond Beryl Zircon Topaz The-Gift "
---

“Impossible.”

“Stupid.”

“Heresy.”

“Please, please, councilors,” Councilor Beryl said, “these are merely the reports I and the others have received.”

“And they are stupid.” Councilor Citrine said again.

“These reports’ claims are practically useless,” Peridot said, “The Gift is not to fail. Ever. Mass hysteria caused by a perfectly explainable phenomenon is infinitely more likely.”

“And what about the damage to the nearby platform?” Beryl said, looking over the reports. “It was rather extensive.”

“Explainable.” Peridot said sternly. “Someone could have tampered with the platform, rigged it to explode for whatever nefarious purpose. In the confusion onlookers saw something else, in which case we need to pursue that matter independently.”

“Might have even been some kids with fireworks, wanted a show and got a bigger one than they thought.” Citrine mused. “Whatever it was, it wasn’t The Gift just turning off and exploding. People are stupid.” A few of the other councilors nodded.

“I would like to remind the council that we are to take every matter brought to us with apt consideration.” Beryl said, “you may not all find merit in this given the.. circumstances. But it is our duty. If this were to be a case where, God forbid, The Gift has ceased in its defenses.. well.. then I would hope as well as any that the council would approach it with the level of seriousness required.”

“Beryl, shut the fuck up.” Zircon said. “We have thought about it. We made up our minds. To say that we haven’t probably means you think we’re some flavor of stupid, which makes you by far the winner of the thickest skull in the room. Shut the fuck up and let us do our job, regardless of if we agree with you or not.”

Jade smiled. Beryl was a constant source of infantilization among her peers and while she figured he meant well, it was also extremely irritating to deal with that level of condescension long term. She watched as Beryl tightened his lips and started poring through the reports, notably ‘shutting the fuck up’.

“I don’t actually think it’s an impossibility,” Topaz said, standing up. “We frankly have no idea about the machinations at play with The Gift. We never have. I don’t think it’s unreasonable that such a defense would need maintaining, especially after so long. Everything in this world requires upkeep, we have yet to discover if The Gift is an outlier.”

Jade watched as Peridot folded their long crooked fingers in thought. An attractive logical argument pressed against their religious obstinance, she could practically see the gears fighting to turn against one another.

“Again, heresy.” Diamond said. “To insinuate The Gift is fallible is congruent with saying God is.”

“No,” Topaz said, “my insinuation in fallibility lies with our understanding. Not with God. In fact, if The Gift were to be in some sort of need, there is no doubt in my mind there is a plan in place for us to alleviate it. By dismissing potentiality, you could very well be dismissing God’s own will for us.”

That was a good angle. Even someone as frustratingly devout as Diamond had no instantaneous backhand to that. As Jade looked around the room, it seemed just about every councilor was engaged with a lot more consideration now. She wondered how Beryl felt about that. 

“And where would a plan like this exist?” Peridot asked. It was a rhetorical question — they all knew the logical answer. “We have been instructed since the arrival of The Gift to never enter The Chamber.”

“Don’t suppose there was an asterisk on that.” Zircon said, leaning back in his chair.

“We are NOT going to enter The Chamber.” Diamond said, pressing her palms against the table. “This is an act of shadows, to even speak of it is blasphemy.” 

“Even if it would save our lives?” Citrine asked.

“Your judgement is clouded, Citrine.” Diamond said. “Your human desires are speaking louder than God’s. We have instructions not to enter. Realign yourself.”

“We are capable of adaptation, councilor. Just as you seem to be able to so convincingly step in the shoes of the man you just yelled at for being dim.” Citrine said. “I can pose a probing question to the most devout among us without changing my perspective if I wish.”

“Nothing wrong with pointing out your flagrant hyperbolism either.” Zircon shrugged.

“Enough.” Peridot said. “Topaz is making sound arguments, regardless of what we choose to do from this point onwards. We can assume all angles going forward, including the prospect of The Gift requiring assistance.”

Jade looked over to Beryl at that last comment, hoping to see him in his chair, boiling with aggravation. Instead he seemed to be focused on taking notes of the meeting. She thought she maybe saw his mustache twitch. 

“If you mean to direct us to open The Chamber as your only solution,” Diamond said, “then this is a manipulative onboarding. As such I will only concede something could be amiss with The Gift if and only if there are clear directives from God about a repair.”

Jade silently groaned. Diamond was a frustration even in her best moments, but Jade supposed having someone like her on the council was part of the point. Speaking of which, Onyx hadn’t yet said anything. Jade’s gaze drifted over to where he sat on the other end of the room, eyes closed, calm as ever. The more Diamond speaks using her theology as a spear the more Onyx tends to appear with weapons of his own to combat her. He was uncharacteristically still silent. 

Topaz spoke again, “Councilors, perhaps we are quick to rush into assumption. The Chamber may not be the only place God has left us directives should such an occurrence — well perhaps eventuality — befall us.”

“And you think God had merely written the instructions on the walls themselves?” Citrine said. 

“There she goes again,” Zircon said. 

Citrine shot him a glare back.

“Not necessarily,” Topaz said, “but to dismiss real duty and authority because of our initial limited capacity and understanding of the situation may be unwise. We have agency to look elsewhere. I think it’s reasonable we use it.”

“I have changed my position.” Diamond said, standing to look Topaz in the eyes at level, “I no longer am considering your flagrant heretical arguments. God would not ask us to ‘fix’ The Gift. The Gift’s purpose is to protect. If it fails in its function and relies on us, it has failed and God has failed. That is not a reality that is possible. Your assumptions, however humanly logical, are flawed in God’s vision. You assume fallibility in God. I urge you to seek penance brother Topaz.” Diamond sat back down. 

Topaz lowered his head, and clasped his hands. Was that emotion annoyance or defeat?

“Why didn’t God just banish the shadows?” Onyx said.

“Excuse me?” Diamond asked.

Ah here we go.

“You heard me. What is the point of The Gift, honestly, why not just wipe the fucking planet clean so we can use it again? Is this all we’re allowed? Really? A bubble to stand in?” Onyx said.

“The space we’re allowed is both a gift as well as punishment.” Diamond said, sitting up straighter in her chair. “It’s a reminder we had ruined this place. God weeps for it the same as we do, and does not wish us to replay events.”

“Okay then just fix it. Why bother with even allowing this nightmare situation to happen in the first place? If He is all powerful why allow us to ruin anything? Why not create things that can’t be ruined? Why push us to the precipice and leave your planet destroyed? Why-“

“Why indeed,” Diamond responded louder, “why are you incapable of placing logic and understanding in the hands of those above you? Always so sure you understand where the equation stops and ends. So afraid of what you don’t understand. Humanity’s greatest fault is thinking itself above its station and assuming it knows better. You embody this fault as fiercely as anyone ever has.”

“God made us. If I’m broken and ‘faulty’ it’s because He fucked up. Weirdly interesting tangent, He also created The Gift. If we’re allowed to be broken under your version of theology then why not that?”

“There is a difference in creating flawed life and flawed tools.” Diamond said slowly. “One is allowed a gift of ascension through a lifetime spent overcoming those flaws. To learn and grow from them. To embody faith. That is our purpose. The other is a tool whose purpose is to protect and see us fulfill ours.”

“A lifetime? And the dead children that-“

“Enough.” Peridot boomed. “This goes nowhere between you two. Regardless of what any of us think, we need more information to see this to its end. An act of terrorism or an end to the unwavering defense of The Gift, it does not matter. Actions need to be taken by the council to support and investigate these events. Beryl, contact the appropriate stations, hopefully soon we can receive word back and have a more productive discussion on this matter.”

“I’ll go.” Jade said standing. “Reports are one thing. I’d rather see it for myself.” She felt the heat of each of them as they all glared at her.

“It is not your role, child.” Diamond said, turning back to Peridot. “Sit back down and at least act like a councilor.”

Jade clenched her jaw. That woman. 

“Jade, Diamond means well.. and is right, your usefulness is sought here.” Peridot said. “It is unbecoming of you to stoop so far below your role. There’s more help you can accomplish here if you’re craving philanthropy.”

“And how useful was I during this discussion, councilor?” Jade said, “Did I convince any of you to jump to either side of the fence?”

“Your premeditated protest of silence will not earn you a star, councilor,” Peridot said, “only dissatisfaction you aren’t participating and conducting yourself properly in council matters.”

“Either that or you fell asleep.” Zircon shrugged.

“Fortunately it’s not against any ruling for me to leave the Atrium for any reason I choose.” Jade said, standing. “And as an equal to any of you I’d hope you’d appreciate that freedom and exercise it.”

Jade walked around the council table and towards the door expecting more complaints or urgings to stay, instead she only heard her boots against the marble. Interesting. 

Only once she was down the hallway did Jade hear the Atrium door open behind her, a familiar face now walking up to her. 

“Figured you could use a hand.” Onyx said.
